The 28-year-old chef was found dead at a San Francisco mall
A 28-year-old chef who recently moved to San Francisco was found dead in the stairwell of a local shopping mall this week.
But the victim's brother said he could not think of anyone who would want to harm him, saying "everything is finally getting better."
The San Francisco coroner's office said the body found at the Westfield Shopping Center on Wednesday morning was identified as Frank Galicia, a 28-year-old San Francisco resident.
The San Francisco Police Department says the death was ruled a homicide and is under investigation.
The victim's brother, Louis Galicia, told ABC radio station KGO in San Francisco that Frank, who previously worked as a streaming chef in Boston, found an ideal job as a streaming chef at San Francisco's Sons & Daughters restaurant six months ago.
A spokeswoman for the Sons & Daughters restaurant said they were "devastated" by Frank's death.
"We are a small group of people who get along like a close family, and we will miss him very much," the spokesman said.
We extend our deepest sympathy and condolences to Frank's family and friends at this sad time.
Louis Galicia said Frank initially stayed in a guest house, but recently "things are finally getting better."
"Frank found an apartment and was dating a girl at the same time," Louis Galicia told KGO.
Louis Galicia said he couldn't think of anyone who would want to hurt his brother.
Frank has a good heart and a big heart.
"Frank often cooks dinner for his family," said Louis Galicia.
He was never willing to quarrel with his family.
He is a man of everyone's opinion.
"Everything in the world can go wrong," says Louis Galicia, "but Frank is something of an outsider who shines every day."
Anyone with information should call the San Francisco Police Department at 415-575-4444.
Junior doctors' strike: call for new industrial action
Junior doctors' representatives have called on the coalition to approve new industrial action over the dispute over the new contract.
The British Medical Association's junior doctors' committee will ask all its members to support more industrial action from the beginning of September.
The junior doctors' committee said ministers had not addressed concerns about the contract.
Junior doctors and medical students voted to boycott a contract deal with the British Medical Association in July.
Fifty-eight percent of the members who took part in the vote opposed the contract deal.
In a letter to members tweeted late on Thursday, junior doctors committee chair Ellen McCourt said the government had been "consistently silent" on the issues that led to the contract boycott.
"In light of this, the junior doctors' committee's executive committee has voted to reject the proposed new contract in its entirety and has called for renewed formal consultation on all concerns," she said.
In response to the government's silence, the junior doctors committee's executive committee has today formally asked the British Medical Association's council to convene a special session to approve a long-term plan aimed at escalating industrial action from early September.
The dispute has led to junior doctors taking part in six strikes this year, including the first all-out strike in NHS history.
Dr Johann Malawana, head of junior doctors at the British Medical Association, resigned following a vote against the agreed terms of the contract recommended by the British Medical Association.
In a meeting before 54,000 junior doctors voted with medical students, he had told members of the British Medical Association that the deal was good and should therefore be accepted.
Following the vote, Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt said the contract would be enforced among England's health care workers.
Russia and Turkey: "Out of the Union"?
A gesture to end a crisis.
Russia and Turkey's leaders met on Tuesday, shaking hands and announcing an official end to an eight-month war of words and economic sanctions.
However, when Vladimir Putin greeted the Turkish president in the glittering halls of a St. Petersburg palace, I had a strong feeling that the rapprochement was what Ankara wanted most.
Yes, the two sides did shake hands.
Yet, even by Mr Putin's normally reserved standards, his smile is shallow and almost unenthusiastic.
Recep Tayyip Erdogan, for his part, reportedly mentioned "good friend" Putin five times.
I can't remember.
At the same time, he promised that relations with Russia would return to pre-crisis levels, or even higher.
The following day, a newspaper here wrote that Mr. Erdogan acted as if nothing had happened.
But, I think his enthusiasm suggests something to the contrary.
Mr. Putin's continued frosty attitude, however, suggests that he has not forgotten anything.
Indeed, the first thing he mentioned in his opening remarks was the cause of the crisis: Turkey shot down a Russian warplane on the Syrian border.
Moscow's reaction at the time was fierce.
Mr. Putin lashed out at the incident, accusing Ankara of plotting against Moscow behind his back.
Attacks from so-called friends are more difficult to accept.
It is difficult, if not impossible, for the two sides to re-establish real trust.
Russian public opinion has also been turned around since November.
For months, the government-controlled media have carried out a shocking full-throated attack on Ankara.
Suddenly, the Turks seem to be responsible for everything.
The most serious of these were accusations from senior officials: Mr. Erdogan's family profited from illegal oil deals in areas of Syria controlled by the so-called Islamic State.
He has categorically denied the claim.
However, news from St Petersburg suggests it is time to move on.
After all, the meeting presupposed that Putin received an apology from Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan.
Russia could declare victory.
For Ankara, the benefits of the truce are obvious.
First, Erdogan was nearly ousted after last month's failed coup, so he needs the support of all his friends.
The incessant terrorist attacks have clearly hit him hard.
There is also a financial incentive.
Russian sanctions have hit Turkey hard, especially by banning charter flights that can transport millions of Russian tourists to Turkey's shores each year.
That number has plummeted by nearly 90 per cent.
Travel agencies and charter companies in Russia are bound to breathe a sigh of relief as flights resume.
They will see a wave of Mediterranean tourism at the end of the season.
State television even predicted this week that the price of fruits and vegetables would fall once Turkey's agricultural imports were liberalized again.
"The tourists go and the tomatoes come back," said a report in the Moscow newspaper Vedemosti.
The visit also has additional political value for Moscow.
Ankara is furious at the Western world's feeble response to the takeover's intentions.
Moreover, Ankara has long resented the slow pace of EU accession negotiations and the meddling of Vladimir Putin, who is keen to exploit political chill and weaken Turkey ’ s relations with the Western world.
The Russian leader is bound to get extra points from Ankara for championing the elected authorities after the failed coup.
Note that this is a gift for Moscow, which has always harboured a deep-seated fear of regime change.
So the meeting at the glittering seaside palace has forged an alliance between Russia and Turkey, two countries rejected and abused by the Western world, which one analyst described as an "out of place alliance."
However, despite the public rapprochement, significant differences remain between the two sides.
One of the key factors is Syria, where Moscow has been playing the peacemaker in recent days, while Russia and Turkey have backed opposing factions.
Predictably, after nearly three hours of preliminary talks, the two presidents said at the launch that the topic had not yet been addressed.
The Turkish president has deliberately avoided questions about the differences between the two sides, while Putin has emphasized them.
There is no clear consensus between the two sides on how to seek common ground on the Syrian issue.
With months of open hostility and the possibility of a major catastrophe following the downing of a Russian warplane by Turkey, a member of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, it is surely good for the leaders of the two countries to resume talks once again.
Royal Bank of Scotland will no longer serve customers outside Scotland
The bank will be reduced to a logistics arm, according to the chief executive of RBS.
Royal Bank of Scotland will no longer serve customers outside of Scotland.
Ross McEwan told BBC Scotland that the Royal Bank of Scotland brand was committed to its global ambitions.
But that pursuit was abandoned eight years ago when he was on the brink of bankruptcy and had to be bailed out.
During that time, brand strategists used 'RBS' to protect other consumer finance brands.
The group has spent millions of pounds sponsoring international sporting events such as the Rugby Six Nations and Wimbledon tennis champion Andy Murray.
But now, the right thing to do is to get more national brands to make their mark.
RBS will be used by Scottish customers, but will not revert to its original form.
In England and Wales, all references outside the head office and the stock exchange will be changed to National Westminster Bank.
The Ulster Bank brand has been used by customers in the Republic of Ireland and the Autonomous Region of Northern Ireland.
There are other, more prominent, smaller private banking brands, such as Citi, Adam & Co, Drummond and Holt's Military Bank.
Mr. McEwan was interviewed during a visit with customers and employees in Inverness County.
He told BBC Scotland: "The RBS brand will eventually become our investor brand as well as one of the employee hire brands, as we have become a bank with many brands in a larger sense at the moment."
As the bank itself became an international brand, RBS also became a global brand.
For now, I would say that we are no longer focusing on the global, we have turned our eyes to the local.
Each brand represents a difference in their respective industries, and our employees serve our customers through different brands.
RBS has indicated that it will not continue to sponsor the Six Nations Championships; at the same time, it has worked to raise the profile of different brands in sponsoring sporting events.
"It's time to become a multi-brand bank because privately we've been looking at ways to be a better customer service bank," the chief executive said.
We would have been ridiculed if we had aspired three years ago to become a big bank with many brands.
At the moment we are focusing on the needs of our customers and I am sure you are aware of these changes.
I think we can relaunch these brands, and the time is right.
Dettori wins 3,000 career wins with Predilection's success at Newmarket
Newmarket's two victories helped Dayturi to 3,000 career wins before he sprayed champagne to celebrate
Professional jockey Frankie Dettori had his 3,000 win at Newmarket on Friday.
He raced down the track with Predilection, written by trainer John Gosden, to two victories that night and a career-high 3,000.
The 45-year-old Italian is the sixth professional jockey to reach this milestone in the field.
The top five are: Sir Gordon Richards, Doug Smith, Lester Piggott, Pat Eddery and Willie Carson.
"It's pretty special," said Dai Tully, a three-time champion jockey who won earlier at Ghayyyar.
I was thrilled because my family were there
I'm happy with what I've achieved at Newmarket, because that's where I started 30 years ago.
It's not a massive race or the Royal Ascot, it's just an ordinary Friday night with 20,000 spectators.
I'm relieved and humbled.
The crowd cheered when Dettori brought Predilation after his victory
The achievement was made by two jockeys in the obstacle course, champion jockey Richard Johnson and now retired 20-time champion Sir Anthony McCoy, who has won more than 4,300 in his record-breaking career.
Berger is a nine-time German champion with 4,493 victories in his career
Dettori is one of the best jockeys of his generation, so it's no surprise that he achieved this milestone, not many before him.
He's stylish and robust, but it's his tactical rationality that really makes him stand out in the weighing room.
He is an amazing equestrian ambassador whose enthusiasm and charisma have attracted a large number of fans to the sport over the years.
A few weeks ago, I told Dettori at Epsom that if he had been more than a weekend with a competition jockey, he should have been able to claim 6,000 wins!
Seriously, it's so important that he's Britain's best equestrian winner in three decades.
He has a lively personality, which is good for British horse racing, but beyond that, he's an incredible jockey.
Dettori celebrates this milestone with his signature jump and dismount.
From jumping the line to jumping off the horse, Dettori has been a typical representative of the field of flat racing in Britain for two decades.
His career has been a rollercoaster ride.
He won several tournaments, including the famous "seven wins" at the Royal Ascot in 1996, but he also suffered a plane crash and was banned for taking drugs.
Three years ago, when he returned to the game after a six-month ban, it was a struggle, but he showed amazing character strengths and finally returned to the top, giving skeptics a beating.
He may not be able to do it for too long - Dayturi has said before that he wants to compete until he is at least 50.
Russian President Vladimir Putin removes Sergei Ivanov as chief of staff
Vladimir Putin, Russia's president, unexpectedly sacked Sergei Ivanov as chief of staff to the president.
For years, Mr. Ivanov has been part of a core group that has won Mr. Putin's trust.
Ivanov, 63, has now been appointed special representative for the environment and transport.
A Kremlin statement said Mr. Putin had "announced the dismissal of Ivanov as chief of staff of the Russian president," without giving a reason.
Anton Vaino, who began serving as Mr Ivanov's deputy in 2012, has been appointed as his replacement.
Mr Vaino, 44, is a former diplomat.
Born in 1972 in the Estonian capital Tallinn, he graduated from the prestigious Moscow State Institute of International Relations (MGIMO) and worked at the embassy in Tokyo.
He later managed the presidential draft and government employees, according to the Kremlin's website (in Russian).
"Thank you for your trust," he told Mr. Putin after his appointment.
I believe that the most important task of this Government is to support the Head of State in the drafting of laws and the implementation of control orders.
Mr. Putin told Russian television on Friday that Mr. Ivanov himself had called for his resignation and recommended Mr. Vaino to take over.
Is this a convincing smile?
Moscow was puzzled by the move.
Sergei Ivanov has long been one of Putin's closest aides and, like Putin, has worked for the Soviet Security Service (KGB).
As chief of staff, he had been one of the country's most influential figures.
In a meeting with President Vladimir Putin broadcast on state television, both said the chief of staff had called for his resignation.
Despite the smiles on camera, few were convinced - especially at this time before the parliamentary elections.
So is this the result of a defeat in some kind of power struggle?
It is not yet known.
But the official narrative - that a candidate once seen as a presidential candidate suddenly chose to take charge of Russia's environmental policy - has attracted a lot of skepticism.
Quoting Mr. Ivanov's conversation with Mr. Putin on the Kremlin's website, he said: "Yes, in early 2012, I asked you in a conversation to give me this difficult position, or even a troublesome position, for a four-year term."
"As a result, I've been the president's chief of staff for four years and eight months."
Mr. Ivanov assumed the post in December 2011.
Prior to that, he served as Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Defence.
He is a member of the Russian Security Council and, like Mr. Putin, a former member of the National Security Agency.
When Mr. Putin became head of the Federal Security Service (FSB, formerly the National Security Agency) in the late 1990s, Mr. Ivanov was appointed his deputy.
When Mr. Putin came to power, he designated Mr. Ivanov as one of his five most trusted people.
Mr Ivanov was once thought likely to become Russia's president after Mr Putin's second term, because a third term would be unconstitutional.
But the job ultimately went to Dmitry Medvedev, Mr Putin's other close aide.
Mr. Putin served as Russia's prime minister until he returned to the presidency in three and a half years.
Mystery Fish Reveals Banff's Garden
A Banff resident called for help after spotting fish in his garden.
Kevin Bain believes the 75 fish were probably sand eels blown by tornadoes in the sea.
Mr Bain, who lives about 500 metres from the sea, posted a video of the bizarre scene on Periscope in the hope that someone would explain to him why the two-inch-long fish appeared.
The Quinsferri Bridge is now accessible to Fife.
The £1.35 billion project is scheduled to be completed in May 2017
Engineers have linked the northern deck of the Queensferry Crossing to the viaduct, which means the bridge is now connected to Fife.
The four "bridge fan" arcs near each of the bridge's three bridgeheads are now nearing completion, and the project is the first of its kind.
The bridge, which began in Fife, is 600 metres long and weighs 30,000 tonnes.
It employs 10,000 metric tons of steel, 20,000 metric tons of concrete and 46 cables.
The £1.35 billion project is scheduled to be completed in May 2017.
Economy Minister Keith Brown visited the site today, becoming one of the first people to get on the bridge.
"This is a historic moment in the construction of the Quincy Bridge," he said.
We have all witnessed engineering work on such an ambitious project, with more than 30,000 metric tons of concrete and steel used in this section of the bridge alone.
Despite the size and weight of the bridge, completing the connection between the viaduct and the bridge deck requires delicate work and very precise assembly.
Overall, nearly 79 per cent of the total deck has now been installed and the concrete deck of the last section of the bridge was poured in Rosyth today, meaning that all decks are in place.
"Whichever bridge project it is, the first one is a major milestone," said Michael Martin, project director at Quincy Bridge Construction Company.
As far as this remarkable project is concerned, Hailong has demonstrated cutting-edge civil engineering technology.
After installing the final section of the road panel and connecting it to the expanded Northbridge Fort Road panel, the remaining gap closure on the north side or close to the land side needs to be completed.
The completion of this operation will require the relocation of the northern viaduct approach bridge to the south by 700 millimetres.
It was a huge operation and at the same time it was a very sophisticated operation.
It is said to be huge because the viaduct is 222 meters long and weighs about 6,000 metric tons, and needs to be pulled out at an angle of about 3 percent.
It's sophisticated because the engineering team needs to make sure that the deviation is very small, just a few millimetres on each side.
Thankfully, everything is going well.
Simon Byers wins women's gymnastics all-around title
Forget about the pressure.
Forget the hype.
Simone Biles is unaffected by all this.
The vault is full of energy.
the balance beam.
The floor exercise is amazing.
The overall performance was excellent.
Now, finally, an Olympic champion.
The 19-year-old American gymnast took the all-around title Thursday to fully showcase her talent for leading the world in gymnastics at the Olympic Stadium.
She topped silver medalist Aly Raisman, a member of the Final Five, and bronze medalist Aliya Mustafina of Russia with a combined score of 62.198.
Simon Byers from the United States performs on the balance beam during the artistic gymnastics women's individual all-around final at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, on Thursday.
Byers helped the U.S. team achieve a four-game winning streak in the women's individual all-around gymnastics at the Olympics, where she personally won five medals, further confirming that she is the best gymnast of her generation and probably of all time.
Byers couldn't hold back her tears when she saw her total score. She finally ended the long journey.
Byers thus ranks among the "once-in-a-decade athletes" like Michael Phelps, who take sports to new heights in their respective fields:
"Byers is the best gymnast I've ever seen," said 1984 Olympic champion Mary Lou Retton, who has dominated the competition for the last three years, winning 15 World Championship medals, including 10 golds.
There's one final race in Brazil, but it's not so much Byers' rivalry with the other gymnasts as her own battle with the pressure of great expectations.
If Byers hadn't returned to her home in Springs, Texas, loaded with gold medals, everyone would have been very disappointed.
Simon Byers (left), from the United States, hugged Lesman as they won gold and silver in the women's artistic gymnastics individual all-around final at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, on Thursday, August.
Byers won his first gold medal on Tuesday, a surprise gift to retiring national coach Martha Karolyi.
Although Byers insists he has no plans for the future as he takes over the title all year round, it's not quite the case.
A section of Byers' floor exercise - including her iconic somersault - is accompanied by Latin music, which she often listens to in her residence just across the street from Rio's Olympic venues.
This is no coincidence.
The girl, who was adopted as a baby by her grandparents and discovered by coach Amy Boorman's mother during a field trip to the gym, has now grown into a backbone.
Byers hasn't lost an all-around game since the summer of 2013, and she's sure to win if she wants to.
Mustafina's slight lead after two turnovers was an illusion.
Byers, the reigning world champion in both the balance beam and floor exercise events, is waiting in the wings.
She scored 15.433 on the balance beam and 15.933 in the floor exercise.
While waiting for the final score, Leseman gave Byers a gentle hug. Byers burst into tears when he learned that he had achieved his dream.
Leslman's performance was a bit like revenge for four years ago, when she tied for third but lost to Mustafina in the decider.
But this time, the 22-year-old captain, nicknamed "Grandma" by the Americans, was well ahead.
She blew kisses to the crowd after the floor exercise to announce her return, but such a return has sometimes seemed questionable before.
Byers, who is just 19 years old, has been viral on Twitter since earlier this week. For his part, his life has taken on a whole new meaning.
'Several Shot '6-year-old Mahaj Brown survives Philadelphia shooting
A six-year-old boy was shot in Philadelphia, the second six-year-old to be shot in the city this week, police said.
The children's grandparents confirmed to CBS Philadelphia that the child who was shot was Mahaj Brown.
Brown had multiple gunshot wounds to his groin, leg, arm and stomach, they said, but the child was conscious on the way to the hospital.
"He suffered a lot, his tiny body was riddled with bullets," his grandmother, Delores Melendez, told the station.
I couldn't believe it.
The boy is in a critical condition in hospital and has undergone multiple surgeries.
His family told the station that the child was expected to recover.
He was to have started first grade at a local elementary school.
Brown was one of four people who were shot in the Germantown area.
Two of the other three people who were shot were 29 years old and one was 32 years old.
According to CBS Philadelphia, one of the victims, aged 29, is in a critical condition; the other two victims are in stable condition.
The child was found in the front seat of the car with the 29-year-old victim in critical condition, the station said.
Two other victims were not in the vehicle and police are investigating whether the gunman was among those injured.
Investigators told CBS Philadelphia that it looked like multiple gunmen exchanged gunfire.
A number of shell casings of offensive weapons were found at the scene, from which it can be inferred that they were using different offensive weapons.
Judging from this, there is no doubt that this is an ongoing battle.
There were shell casings on the sidewalks on both sides of the street.
"So, this shows that there were a number of armed men on the scene at the time in a state of heavy fighting," Philadelphia Police Chief Anthony Ginaldi told the station.
A number of homes and vehicles were damaged in the area.
No arrests have been made and police are said to be looking at surveillance video.
On Tuesday, another six-year-old, a girl, was playing outside her home in the West Oak Lane neighborhood when she was shot in the arm by a stray bullet.
She is now recovering and police are still hunting for the suspect.
Why do we need Simon and Gabrielle and Laurie?
That's how I rate this year's women's Olympic gymnastics team for more than one reason.
First of all, I've been to every Summer Olympics since 1984, but the United States has never been so dominant.
Second, the team has three elite gymnasts - Simone Biles, Gabby Douglas and Lauren Laurie Hernandez - who have always inspired many girls of color.
Everyone is proud of the team's composition, which includes Aly Raisman of Judaism and Madison Kocian of the Catholic Church.
The team finally looked like the American team.
It also cemented the pinnacle of black and Latino women in the sport.
The leading female gymnast has been African-American for the past four years.
Last year, Simon and Gabrielle finished in first and second place.
That's awesome.
The United States was cheered at the last Olympics when Gabrielle Douglas "unexpectedly" became an Olympic champion.
Today, the world can witness the superb performance of three-time world champions Simon Byers, Douglas, and Laurie Hernandez, who have taken conventional gymnastics skills to their hearts' content.
On Thursday, Simon helped the U.S. team to a four-game winning streak in the women's individual all-around event.
Her teammate, Ali Leseman, scooped the silver medal.
We have reached the pinnacle of the sport, but not in the national gymnastics classroom.
Simon, Gabrielle and Laurie entered the Olympic team in the same way as Ali and Madison.
They are the "Final Five" because the next Olympic gymnastics team will be made up of four gymnasts, Marta Karolyi's final year in charge.
But the reality is that gymnastics is an expensive sport, with gymnasts training mainly in private gymnastics clubs, their parents paying for training, facilities, travel, clothing, competitions and hotels (including those related to coaches and gymnasts and their families), and the list of costs is constantly growing.
Most of the gymnastics clubs are located in the affluent suburbs that support the industry.
All the gymnasts' training is done at these clubs, which is an expensive long-term expense for the gymnasts' families.
Byers' coach, Aimee Boorman, and Hernandez's coach, Maggie Haney, have coached the two gymnasts since they started gymnastics.
We must bring more affordable and accessible gymnastics training to the millions of young girls who have been influenced by Simon, Gabrielle and Laurie.
Twenty years ago, I set up my own gymnastics foundation.
In my organization, we provided free, inexpensive gymnastics in black neighborhoods to more than 15,000 urban youth, primarily black and Hispanic, and produced national and even world championships.
In September, we will expand to Detroit (my home town) to offer high-quality gymnastics to young people who deserve this learning opportunity and will benefit from this remarkable Olympic sport.
Gymnastics contributes to the development of physical strength, flexibility and coordination. It also helps to develop a hard-working spirit, self-discipline and determination.
These can have lifelong benefits for a person's health, academic and professional success.
Inspired by this team, thousands of young girls will learn gymnastics, which is really great.
Participation in sport is significant, particularly for girls.
It's an exciting time.
Thank you to Simon, Ali, Lawrie, Gabrielle and Madison for their "girl power" in winning the Olympic team gold medal, and for inspiring so many young girls of all backgrounds to embark on the path to health, strength and success.
Junior doctors plan to launch further strikes after rejecting Jeremy Hunt's proposals
Ministers initially wanted to end the dispute over the changes by accepting a revised contract from British Medical Association (BMA) officials, but 58 per cent of the 37,000 junior doctors who took part in the vote opposed the contract.
In July, Mr Hunt revealed plans to force the contract, saying the NHS was in a "vacuum" and that a slight delay would hurt staff and patients.
The new contract begins with a reference to changes to junior doctors' overnight and weekend working practices to improve care during irregular working hours.
Dr Ellen McCourt, chair of the BMA's junior doctors committee, said in a statement last night: "Junior doctors still have serious concerns about the proposed contract, particularly that it will exacerbate the current workforce crisis and fail to treat all doctors fairly."
With just eight weeks to go before the first doctors sign a new contract, we need to make progress and time is running out.
The BMA has tried to resolve disputes through negotiation, but people have been reluctant to participate, and sometimes the government has responded with silence.
That said, just last month we received a commitment from Jeremy Hunt, who said his door was always open.
"Jeremy Hunt needs to take action now to remove enforcement and address junior doctors" concerns.
If he doesn't, junior doctors have made clear they are ready for further industrial action.
The last strike, at the end of April, led to the postponement of almost 13,000 routine operations and 100,000 appointments as nurses and consultant doctors covered for doctors on the picket line.
Ministers initially wanted to end the dispute over the changes by accepting the BMA's revised contract.
The BMA wants to secure better weekend pay for the 54,000 junior doctors covered by the contract.
Daniel Mortimer, chief executive of NHS Employees, has called on junior doctors not to stage any more strikes.
Mr Mortimer said: "Labour action will have little effect, but instead will put pressure on already committed teams and services, causing fear, anxiety and confusion for patients, caregivers and their families."
Over the past two months, we have been in ongoing negotiations with the junior doctors' committee and, together with the Department of Health and others, have responded positively to their concerns about the role of guardians and whistle-blowing.
Employers' desire to continue to actively explore other important topics – such as deployment, flexibility in training, other training for those returning to work after a career break, training costs, a common understanding of the syllabus, further education leave and gender pay differentials in healthcare – illustrates the importance employers, Health Education England and the Department of Health attach to the agreements reached with the BMA in November, February and May.
£2-a-day drug could reduce heart attack threat
Thousands of heart patients will benefit from a £2 a day drug after officials suggest it should be rolled out to more patients and for longer periods of time.
The anticoagulant ticagrelor reduces the risk of heart disease recurrence in patients with heart disease.
The drug is taken continuously for 12 months after a heart attack and can reduce the risk of a stroke or another heart attack.
The NHS watchdog, the National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence (NICE), advises patients to take medication for four years in order to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease.
But now NICE, the NHS watchdog, recommends giving patients medication for four years to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease.
About 140,000 people in England suffer a heart attack each year, and a quarter of them continue to suffer a heart attack or stroke.
Heart attacks and strokes are caused by fatty deposits forming plaques on the walls of the arteries.
If the plaque breaks, it can lead to a blood clot, which in turn can block blood flow to the heart, leading to a heart attack.
If the clot moves, it can enter the bloodstream, blocking blood flow to the brain, leading to a stroke.
Patients who have already experienced a heart attack have a higher risk of another heart attack.
Made by the British company AstraZeneca and sold under the trade name Brilique, ticagrelor reduces the risk of developing disease by reducing the formation of blood clots.
The draft NICE guidance, released today, advises patients to take 90 mg of ticagrelor for 12 months, and 60 mg of ticagrelor and two aspirin daily for the next three years.
Professor Carole Longson, director of the NICE Centre for Health Technology Assessment, said: "Despite effective secondary prevention treatment, up to one in four people with a history of heart attack will suffer a second attack or stroke, often with serious consequences."
The fear of recurrence can have a significant negative impact on a person's quality of life.
The evidence suggests that taking ticagrelor with aspirin can be effective in reducing the risk of heart attack recurrence and stroke in patients who have experienced a heart attack.
We are deeply relieved that Ticagrelle's interim recommendation will provide many more treatment options for the thousands of people who have benefited.
Given the limited information available on the efficacy and safety of ticagrelor after three years, in particular the risk of bleeding, the draft guidance does not recommend its continued use beyond this period.
Computer culture makes' election fraud 'prevalent in Muslim areas
Lutfur Rahman, the former mayor of Tower Hamlets, was sacked last year for corruption, prompting the publication of a government report.
A culture of "political correctness" has turned a blind eye to widespread electoral fraud in Muslim communities, the devastating government report reveals today.
Former cabinet minister Sir Eric Pickles has accused the police, election watchdogs and town halls of turning a blind eye to evidence of electoral abuse because they are "overly sensitive to issues of racial division and religion."
The former community secretary, now a top anti-corruption official, said intimidation of voters on religious grounds was a bad influence and police should be allowed to put up cordons outside polling stations to protect alarmed voters.
He advised voters to bring their identity papers with them when they cast their ballots to confirm their identity.
For now, voters simply have to give their name and address.
The report even suggested putting indelible ink on voters' fingers to prevent someone from voting twice.
Sir Eric said protection for whistleblowers should be increased.
He called for increased media access to parliamentary documentation and decisions taken by non-official committees or working groups.
"It's not just about preventing election fraud, it's about protecting local governments from a widespread culture of corruption and the financial scams that are closely linked to it," he said.
The report was requested by Downing Street in the wake of the Tower Hamlets election scandal in East London.
Last year, a special electoral tribunal ruled that incumbent Mayor Rahman was guilty of a string of corruption and wrongdoing and should be removed from office.
The court found that Rahman had "very ridiculously abused" the religious sentiments of the Muslim community and kept quiet about the charge that the sword had accused him of racial discrimination and Islamophobia.
Rahman is said to have "declared on the campaign trail that it is a religious duty of faithful Muslims to vote for him."
As many as 300 ballots are in doubt and may have been cast by voters impersonating someone else.
Sir Eric said there was evidence of electoral fraud across the country.
In particular, he warned of electoral fraud by mail, where senior members of the Muslim community were said to have put pressure on voters to vote for their chosen candidate.
Sir Eric (pictured) gave a number of suggestions for cleaning up the voting mechanism, including bringing identification papers to confirm his identity
"Evidence suggests that senior members, particularly in Pakistani and Bangladeshi background communities, are putting pressure on vulnerable groups in some minority communities, particularly women and young people, to vote as they wish," he said in the report.
"Being overly sensitive to racial profiling and religious' political correctness', they fear that state institutions will turn a blind eye to such behavior."
Sir Eric has made 50 proposals to clean up the electoral mechanism, including barring political activists from processing mailed ballot papers to prevent "vote harvesting."
The report, which also calls for rigorous checks on registration information to prevent the electoral roll being used for immigration and welfare scams, is also being considered by Theresa May.
The proposals include requiring voters to show identification before they cast their ballots.
Smear indelible ink on voters' fingers after the vote to prevent someone from casting a second ballot.
Systematically verify the ethnic affiliation of voters to ensure eligibility to vote.
Set the validity period for automatic mail voting requests at three years.
Politicians and activists are prohibited from processing completed postal ballots and postal ballot envelopes.
The police are authorized to set up a cordon around the polling station.
The legislative provisions were amended to make it easier to bring charges of intimidation under the Representation of the People Act 1983.
It is illegal to take photographs at polling stations.
It is stipulated that only English may be used at polling stations (with the exception of the Welsh region).
Strengthen training to ensure that staff strictly enforce the rule that "voters go to the voting hall alone."
Sir Eric lashed out at the Metropolitan Police, saying it was' astonishing 'that they had not made any criminal charges following the incident in Tower Hamlets.
"Rahman and his electoral officers were disqualified by the Electoral Tribunal because of a number of corrupt and illegal practices," he said.
According to the criminal standard of proof, he is unquestionably guilty in many respects.
He also lashed out at the defunct "tick check" of the City Hall election registration department.
Sir Eric said: "Last year's court decision on Tower Hamlets was a wake-up call for everyone."
Our country has a proud tradition of being the "mother of parliaments," but the secretive electoral fraud and subsequent denial by certain institutions is worrying and threatens this good reputation.
Cyclists who look like Princess Kate and bump into other celebrities at the Rio Olympics are in hot demand
Pauline Ferrand Prevot, the French cyclist who looks exactly like Princess Kate at the 2016 Rio Olympics, has been courted by viewers this week.
But the 24-year-old Olympian isn't the only gold-medal contender to hit a celebrity face at this summer's Olympics, at least not on social media.
So, in honor of the Rio Olympics and all the celebrity faces that appeared on screen at the time, FEMAIL has put together a list of Olympians who have hit Hollywood stars.
Hunter and Wolf: American men's archer Brady Ellison (left) has been compared to Leonardo DiCaprio since childhood
In addition to the cyclist who bumped into Kate on the track, many Internet users quickly discovered that an archer was the twin brother of Leonardo DiCaprio.
Brady Ellison, an American male archer, has caused a huge stir on social media since pictures of him posing as the star of the Wolf of Wall Street emerged on Twitter.
In fact, the archer sensed the hype on social media and admitted that when he was young, some people said he looked like a plum.
"I don't think I look much alike, except for the beard," Brady told the Huffington Post.
"He's a good-looking dude, so I think that's a compliment."
One of the most popular comparisons at the 2012 London Olympics will no doubt find more similarities this year: Great Britain's long jumper Greg Rutherford looks exactly like the famous actor Neil Patrick Harris.
Aliya Mustafina, a Russian gymnast with big talking eyes, has been accused of looking like Gloria Estefan, a Cuban-American singer.
And in swimming, South African swimmer Cameron van der Burgh has been compared to "Glee" star Matthew Morrison for years.
Dress up: The user believes Nathan Adrian is a 'sporty version' of the Inception actor
Another pair that is often compared are tennis star Rafael Nadal and actor Josh Hartnett, who have thick eyebrows and lips that resemble each other.
Silver medal-winning Russian swimmer Yulia Efimova and actor Annalynne McCord have the same bronzed skin and blonde hair, while Team USA's Ni Jiajun has been compared by fans to the 'sporty Joseph Gorgon Levitt'.
FEMALE MAN: Soccer star Hope Solo (left) and Dexter actor Jennifer Carpenter (right) have similar faces and eyes
Not the only one: One Twitter user was happy to find that others saw the similarities as well
Communication theory: According to this user, the pair may look alike for a reason
One Twitter user recently happily declared online that "other netizens agree that Hope Solo and Jennifer Carpenter actually look exactly alike."
Indeed, the American football star and the Bloodthirsty Forensics star have remarkably similar faces and eyes.
Other popular comparisons include Kerri Walsh Jennings, who has a smile almost identical to that of actress Laura Linney, and gymnast Gabby Douglas, who won the gold medal, who has a beautiful and radiant smile similar to that of Bringing It On star Gabrielle Union.
CBC Olympics commentator apologises for Chinese swimmer's' slow as a pig 'comment
Byron MacDonald's comments Wednesday about 14-year-old Ai Yanhan's fourth-place finish in the women's 4x200m freestyle relay infuriated viewers who watched the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation's live Olympic broadcast
CBC was forced to apologise after a commentator for the Canadian broadcaster CBC said the 14-year-old Chinese swimmer "started off faster than the stench" and ended up "as slow as a pig."
Commentator Byron McDonnell made some comments at the end of the women's 4x200m freestyle relay final when he thought his microphone had been turned off.
"The 14-year-old Chinese girl made a stupid mistake," said Byron, who was a "tinted" commentator on the CBC's team of commentators.
Being so excited, he started to swim faster than the stench, but then he was as slow as a pig.
Thanks to her.
Ai Yan, a 14-year-old Chinese swimmer, finished second in 1: 57.79 - 1.61 seconds behind Canada's Taylor Ruck, which helped the Canadian team close the gap with China.
Viewers across Canada were taken aback by the narrator's tone and phrasing, and they were quick to react online
Emmett Macfarlane tweeted: "The CBC commentator said China's 14-year-old swimmer was' slow as a pig '??"
The idiot didn't realise it was live.
"That 14-year-old Chinese girl made a stupid mistake," said Ai Yanhan, a Chinese teenager who competed in the final of the women's 4x200m freestyle relay.
Twitter's criticism of Byron McDonnell quickly spread across the tweets, with many calling for it to drop out of the commentary.
When Twitter users heard that Byron McDonnell was slow to respond, they didn't stop there.
Another Twitter user, Sarah Paradis, wrote: 'Wow # Byron MacDonald.
You're representing CBC and Canada, and your words and actions make us all sound like a bunch of racists. # That's disgusting.
Shortly afterwards, CBC radio host Scott Russel apologised on air for Byron's comments, saying: "We apologise for the comments we made about the performance of the live swimmers."
"We're sorry for the inappropriate language."
CBC apologized more than 90 times to those Twitter users who responded to the comment
Another commentator, Scott Russel, also apologized on behalf of Byron
CBC later copied and pasted their apology to more than 90 other Twitter users protesting Byron's comments
The channel also quickly apologized and released a statement.
We are extremely sorry to say this and broadcast it live.
Last night, we moved quickly to apologise to viewers who tuned in to watch us live, as well as those who followed us on social media.
It should be noted that Byron's commentary was aimed at the swimmer's performance, but not at her personally.
That said, the wording was really inappropriate, and Byron was deeply sorry about that.
On Thursday afternoon, McDonnell apologized during a live broadcast, saying there was nothing personal about his words and attempting to use them to excuse his remarks.
"I want to take a moment to apologize for the comments I made last night after the women's relay race," he said on the CBC Olympics broadcast.
"I'm just commenting on the swimmer's performance, not the individual."
"Of course, I didn't mean to be disrespectful, I'm sorry."
Primark customers have expressed outrage at a woman who brazenly tried on her underwear in the middle of the store
A woman takes off her underwear on the spot in the middle of a Primark store where customers don't know where to look.
To make matters worse, she also looked at how she looked when she put it on, before taking her underwear off and putting it back on the shelf.
She continued to browse the shelves and eventually tried on four pairs of underwear inside the store at the Bouverie Place shopping centre in Folkestone.
The woman kept trying on her underwear inside the Primark store at the Bouverie Place shopping centre in Folkestone before putting it back on the shelves
Jenny Davidson, a mother of two who was also at the store at the time, said that after trying on her underwear, the mystery woman "got dressed again and walked out of the store without buying anything."
"People couldn't believe what they were seeing," she said.
She just stood in the middle of the store, took a pair of panties off the shelf, took off her tights and underwear, and put them on.
"She didn't try to find a secluded place to try it on - she just stood there, it was cheeky."
"Everyone was stunned when she took her underwear off again. Obviously, she was still not satisfied because she put it back on the shelf."
After that, she tried three more like this, only to find that none of them were her favorite, then dressed again and walked out of the store.
"She didn't seem to care that someone was looking at her - or wondering who would end up buying the underwear she was trying on."
Ms Davidson (33), who lives in Kent, said: "It's disgusting to think that someone will buy someone else's underwear that hasn't been cleaned."
The incident happened on Tuesday afternoon.
Ms Davidson added: "When she left, the shop assistant obviously had to take the underwear off the shelves, but fortunately that was the case."
"I hate to go home and buy a new pair of underwear, only to find another woman trying them on and not being cleaned."
A spokesman for Primark said: "Primark has been made aware of what happened inside our Folkestone store on Tuesday, August 9."
All the items in question have been removed from the shelves.
How to Protect Yourself with Gamma in a Gun Attack
The world is a dangerous place, but this video on Dailymail.com may give you a sense of security.
We asked Rhon Mizrachi, a master of the Krav Maga Federation in New York, for advice on how to deal with gun-toting assailants at close range.
Whether he's approaching you from the front or the back, the video will teach you how to turn defeat into victory.
If the gunman approaches you from behind, the first thing you have to do is turn around so you can see the attacker and "clear the line of fire," Mizrachi said.
Then, hold the gun between your forearms and shoulders, and then hit the attacker in the face with your elbow.
Next he put his knee to his groin and, as the attacker bent over in pain, turned the gun in his hand and hit him in the face with the barrel and reserve gun, keeping the weapon pointed at him.
If the gunman approaches from the front, use a similar technique - keep your body out of the line of fire, seize the gun and reverse the muzzle so that the gunman can't fire.
At the same time, weight was placed on the gun and the attacker was hit in the chest and the muzzle was twisted from his clenched hands before being pointed at him.
Sounds complicated?
Check out the video to see exactly how Mizrachi does it.
But remember, if you're not a maestro, the safest way to get rid of a robbery is to hand over the cash.
A rogue family destroys low-rent housing in Saltash, Cornwall, before being evicted
A rogue family evicted for intimidating neighbours caused £50,000 in damage to their low-rent accommodation before leaving.
Tanya Skeldon and her husband Shaun Trebilcock were evicted from their low-rent house in Soltash, Cornwall, after a long list of complaints.
After being forcibly removed from the residence, housing association officials were surprised to find that it had been severely damaged.
There were holes all over the walls, the floor was ripped, garbage was thrown all over the floor, and the walls were covered in a mess.
The family has been moving since being evicted and is said to be currently living in a private home
Donna McEvoy, housing manager for the Cornwall Housing Association, said she was concerned the house was beyond saving.
"It's a nightmare for the people who live here, and I don't think people can live like that," she said.
There are a lot of things to weigh in now because the house is likely to be a bad element in Cornwall.
The family is notorious, and their names are equally notorious.
The couple, who have three sons, will live here from time to time.Police said the family's terror included using baseball bats to fight in the streets, terrorising nearby residents, taking drugs, drug trafficking, shouting, arguing and swearing.
The 47-year-old tenant, Skeldon, received an anti-social behaviour resolution in June.
Many of the rooms in the house, which is likely to be demolished, are long standing rubbish
The floor was lifted in the room where the drugs had been sold
Neighbours claimed they were often seen fighting in the streets and often called police over the incident
The Cornwall Housing Society this week forcibly removed her from the residence with her husband after giving them an 11-week extension to move voluntarily.
Neighbours who were finally relieved cheered, saying that life had been a living hell.
"They don't care about anyone," said one neighbour.
We've been living next door to them for 20 years and it's been so bad.
We've seen the police at the door countless times.
"This morning we couldn't sleep.
We get up early because it's so quiet here - we're not used to it yet!
It's great that they're finally gone.
Adam Fitzpatrick, community executive manager of the Cornwall Housing Association, said the family had failed to cooperate with the local government.
The family has lived in the house for 20 years and is regularly visited by police
Garbage and old toys were thrown on the overgrown side of the tenement
He added: "It is regrettable that the tenant did not take any responsibility for her behaviour with her family and the eviction was the last thing the Cornwall Housing Association considered."
It was a very difficult case to deal with because their behaviour was so extreme and what they were doing must have been extremely frightening for the neighbours.
I thank my team for their work, as well as Devon and Cornwall Police and members of the community who have been brave enough to provide us with information.
I hope this will provide some comfort to our neighbours and send a message that we will not tolerate anti-social behaviour.
Mr Fitzpatrick said their three sons had lived in the house at various times, but said they were all in their 20s.
A dirty mattress was also thrown on the floor of one of the bedrooms after they were removed
Housing association workers will soon be clearing piles of rubbish around the house
In 2014, police had searched the house and found 70 grams of marijuana, as well as scales, drug paraphernalia and £1,700 in cash.
After pleading guilty, Skeldon was fined for possession of Class B drugs and trafficking in drugs with intent.
She claimed the money was used to buy a tombstone for her son, Lee Skeldon, who died in a car crash in 2013.
It is understood Tanya and her husband now live in a private house in Plymouth after becoming homeless.
The walls of many of the rooms in the house were covered with graffiti.
Police said they would evict tenants who defied the tenants' rules.
Angela Crow, of Devon and Cornwall Police, said the eviction issued a clear warning to other tenants who continued to defy tenant rules.
"This warning is for people who don't think they're going to be blamed for their actions, and for people who have been devastated by it," she said.
Devon and Cornwall Police do not tolerate crime and anti-social behaviour and will continue to work with partners to protect our communities.
Reid: Hillary Clinton, if elected president, would nominate Garland to the Supreme Court
Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid said he is confident that if Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton is elected president, she will nominate Judge Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court.
Senate Republicans have blocked the confirmation of Garland since President Barack Obama nominated him in March.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said the next president would choose him to replace the late Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia.
Reid said on a conference call Thursday that he predicted Hillary would pick Garland who "has some credibility."
A spokeswoman for Reid later said Reid had not spoken directly to Hillary about whether she would nominate Garland, and said he was only guessing.
He heaped praise on Garland and said Hillary's team didn't want to be "spoiled" by the new pick.
Garland is the chief justice of the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit in the District of Columbia.
The Republicans who blocked Garland's nomination are "favorites" and "achievers" of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, Reid said.
He said Trump was unfit to be president.
"Treats": Nude calendar "Favorite for both men and women"
Treats Magazine will be working with photographer David Bellemere on a 2017 calendar inspired by Pirelli in the 1970s.
This time, they plan to look for a new generation of top models for their 2017 NU Muses calendar, rather than the famous nude.
Treats president Steve Shaw said earlier this year that their mostly nude magazine was different from the old-school Playboy because "the latter is for men."
And we're targeting women.
Obviously, he thinks the same is true of this set of calendars.
"We need to show timeless and classic nudity that makes both women and men feel comfortable, and this time it's inspired by that," Shaw said at a calendar launch.
Women will be happy to take part in the shoot because it's a beautiful work of art.
Models can submit photo applications online or in person at public recruitment sites in Los Angeles and New York.
Small-headed sleeping shark is the longest-living vertebrate, video report shows
Scientists say the Greenland shark is the longest-living vertebrate on Earth.
Julius Nielsen, who has been studying sharks, said it has been documented that a female calf shark is estimated to be between 272 and 512 years old and up to five metres long.
French court rejects petition to demolish shops in Jungle refugee camp
A French court has rejected a petition by the Calais government to demolish dozens of makeshift shops and restaurants in the "Jungle" refugee camp, where thousands of refugees are currently living.
At a court hearing this week, the Calais government argued that the French government should have the power to dismantle a total of 72 makeshift shops in the camp, where people sell everything from cigarettes to energy drinks, offer haircuts and sell tea for 50 cents (40p) or basic meals for a few euros in makeshift restaurants.
The Office of the Governor of Calais believes that these places should be demolished because they are a parallel economy that does not pay taxes, and there are fire and health hazards.
Humanitarian groups, however, told the Court that the shops and restaurants were extremely important because the free food provided by State-sponsored associations and other groups simply did not meet the needs of the growing number of refugees in the camp.
They claim the makeshift shops and restaurants often provide shelter and free food for those in need.
A court in Lille ruled that there was no legal basis to evict the operators of the 72 temporary stores, but said the governor of Calais's concerns were "perfectly understandable."
Judge Jean François Molla said the role of the grocers, cafes and restaurants went far beyond simply providing food to refugees who were "living in extremely dangerous conditions."
These places, he said, were a peaceful meeting point between refugees and volunteers.
One of the sites threatened with demolition is the camp's "Jungle Book Kids" cafe, which provides 200 meals a day, English and French lessons, as well as shelter advice for hundreds of unaccompanied vulnerable minors in the camp.
More than 170,000 people signed a petition to protect the café.
A letter to the Guardian wrote that closing the cafe "would be a major disaster for these children, many of whom are as young as eight."
The charity Help Refugees and L'Auberge des Migrants on Friday predicted the number of refugees in the Jungle camp had topped 9,000, the highest level since the summer surge.
"This $5000 grant has solved my immediate need."
Zhou Fen, a poor girl who built stalls in Mizuo Village, Changle Township, Huayuan County, received an acceptance letter from the University of Southern China.
When she was worried about the cost of admission, on August 9, the Youth League County Committee gave her a timely implementation of the 5000 yuan grant.
Over the past few days, the county authorities have also provided 2.838 million yuan in financial aid to more than 690 impoverished college students.
At the same time, if the family's financial situation is particularly difficult, they are also helped to complete their studies by organizing social donations and other forms of education.
This year, Hua Yuan consolidated more than 18.5 million yuan in student aid funds and raised more than 2.5 million yuan in self-financed funds, which were transferred by the financial department into real-name bank cards of poor students within a specified time limit.
"I thought my dad had died and my brother and I weren't going to college," she said gratefully. "I didn't think the county would solve the problem for us in time."
As of August 8, Hanagaki has provided more than 21 million yuan in various relief funds for 13,140 impoverished students in the first half of this year.
All of the county's poor students to achieve the necessary help, the supplement.
At the scene, the head of a large container vehicle was seen moving under the direction of the traffic police and leaning against the express lane, the container box fell on a green road and a 2cm sinkhole was smashed on the side of the road.
The New South Wales state government will spend 200 million Australian dollars (154 million U.S. dollars) on the biggest renovation of the famous Sydney Opera House since it was built, Xinhua reported Wednesday.
The NSW government said the renovation would not change the opera house's shell-like appearance.
The Sydney Opera House, one of Sydney's iconic buildings, was designed by Danish architect Jon Utzon and was completed in 1973, hosting about eight million visitors a year.
Rory Jeffs, general manager of the Sydney Symphony Orchestra, believes the Sydney Opera House will use the revamp to make a "turnaround" and become "one of the best acoustics concert halls in the world."
Non-Beijing citizens who have lived in Beijing for more than six months and who meet one of the requirements for lawful and stable employment, legal stable residence and continuous study in Beijing may apply for a residence permit.
Recently, Beijing "Temporary Residence Permit Regulations" detailed implementation rules, which means that the "temporary residence permit" will be upgraded to "residence permit."
The shift from "temporary residence permits" to "residence permits" means Beijing will shift from "management" to multi-faceted services for the non-Beijing resident population, according to department heads.
Reporters learned today from the State Administration of Taxation that by the end of June this year, tax authorities at all levels had announced 2,470 "blacklist" cases of tax violations.
It is understood that in July 2014, the State Administration of Taxation took the first step in the functional departments of the central Government and, jointly with the Measures on the Administration of Tax Credit, issued the Measures on the Disclosure of Information on Major Tax Violations.
Not only the illegal facts, legal basis and punishment of these cases will be published, but also the basic information of the illegal parties and the persons responsible for the relevant intermediary agencies will also be put on the "blacklist" to be exposed at the same time.
Quality inspection, finance, customs and other government departments have also taken relevant disciplinary measures against "blacklist" parties.
"The credit repair mechanism is an important milestone in the construction of the tax credit system and even the whole social credit system. It marks the continuous development and improvement of China's social credit system."
"Environmental problems manifest themselves in air, water and soil pollution, but the roots are still in the way of production and life," he said.
In 2015, for example, land development in Jiangsu Province reached 21 per cent, the highest in the country's provinces and autonomous regions.
As a result, the problems of high pollution, large energy sources, and more land occupation have not been fundamentally addressed from the shift in production and life style.
On the one hand, Jiangsu Province at all levels of the effectiveness of various types of ecological environment to create, with absolute superiority in the first place in the country; but on the other hand, the resources and environment bearing pressure.
To promote the protection and treatment of ecological environment in a down-to-earth manner, it is necessary to fundamentally advance the transformation of production and life style and promote the transformation of people's lives through the construction of ecological civilization.
On November 11, 42 wind turbine blades produced by Guodian Group were shipped to South Africa for export at Lianyungang Port Terminal.
Since last year, a total of 163 wind power projects have been exported from Lianyungang Port to South Africa.
The third party company (non-Chinese) commissioned by the organising committee to make the flag is in the Brazilian state of São Paulo, about 75km from the city of São Paulo.
In order to urge the manufacturers to complete the work as soon as possible, the Chinese Consulate General in Sao Paulo organized special staff to rush to the manufacturers and do in-depth work.
After 30 hours of overtime, the manufacturer finally completed the production of the Chinese national flag and loaded the car for shipment, completing the task ahead of schedule, which would have taken four to five working days.
It is reported that the flag is expected to arrive in Rio on the 11th, the Olympic Organizing Committee received the flag will be sent to the various Olympic venues, the whole process will be completed under the supervision of the Chinese Embassy and Consulate in Brazil.
10, Nantong municipal government in Shanghai International Conference Center held Shanghai-Shanghai industrial cooperation activities, more than 180 Shanghai enterprises were invited to participate in, more than 20 billion Shanghai-Shanghai industrial docking project site contract.
The 20 centrally contracted projects, with a total investment of 8.063 billion yuan, involve a number of industries such as new energy, new materials and modern service industries.
Qingdao is the 12th in China and the first pilot city of paid use and trading of emission rights in Shandong Province.
11, a number of enterprises came to Qingdao Municipal Emission Trading Center to submit applications for the purchase of emission rights, purchase acceptance will pay a fee.
The transaction is about to complete the first single also indicates that Qingdao emissions trading pilot work officially kicked off, which will be the province's emissions trading first single and the first nationwide city-level emissions trading.
On the morning of November 11, Zhao Xiuping, general manager of Qingdao Shuangtao Fine Chemical Industry (Group) Co., Ltd. came to Qingdao Emission Trading Center to submit the application for emission rights.
The enterprise is located in the old city of Qingdao plant at the end of last year to stop production, environmental protection moved to the new plant in Pingdu.
After Zhao Xiuping submitted the application form, the environmental impact statement of the construction project and other materials, the Qingdao Municipal Emission Right Reserve and Trading Service Center began the preliminary examination of the application materials.
According to Qingdao prices, finance and other departments to determine the collection standards, the current estimated initial sewage right to use about 644.12 million yuan, staff will be completed within seven working days to verify.
The transaction is about to complete the first single also indicates that Qingdao emission trading pilot work officially kicked off, will also be the province's emission trading first single and the first national city-level emissions trading.
Zhao Xiuping said: At present, enterprises have invested 400 million in environmental protection, a huge amount on the surface, but the concept of business management, social benefits have a great impact on the enterprise innovation and management has also opened up space.
On the same day, Qingdao Sifang Xinchengzhizhuo Bus Accessories Co., Ltd. has also come to the annual output of 4,200 high-speed rail and EMU interior accessories projects to purchase emission rights.
The project belongs to the mechanical processing enterprises, the application for the initial emission of chemical oxygen demand (COD) 0.514 tons / year, ammonia nitrogen (NOX) 0.052 tons / year.
Air pollutant emission rights paid use and trade for the city's electricity, thermal production and supply of key industrial enterprises.
Existing units that have obtained an EIA prior to January 1, 2016, will not be charged a toll fee for the time being.
"Paid access to emission permits is not the same as access to the power of illegal discharge of pollutants, and can not be arbitrarily discharged pollutants."
Han Hongyan, deputy director of Qingdao Municipal Environmental Protection Bureau, said that if illegal discharge, excessive discharge should still be punished in accordance with the relevant regulations, it is impossible to allow illegal enterprises through the purchase of pollution rights to avoid punishment.
In other words, through legal means to crack down on environmental violations, and severely punish enterprises for excessive pollution, so as to protect the environment and protect public health.
Now enterprises for their own interests, improve the enthusiasm of pollution control, cherish the limited emission rights, reducing the emission of pollutants.
Driven by the economic benefits, reducing the emission of pollutants will change from the government's compulsory behavior to the enterprise's conscious market behavior, so as to truly achieve the goal of protecting the environment, protecting nature and protecting public health.
Emission right, also known as "emission right", is the right to discharge pollutants, which refers to the right of the emitter to discharge pollutants into the environment within the quota allocated by the government according to law.
This right is essentially the right of the polluter to possess, use and benefit from the environmental capacity resources.
Next, under the premise that the total amount of pollutants discharged does not exceed the permitted amount, the amount of pollutants discharged is adjusted by means of currency exchange between the internal sources of pollution.
Since the emission trading was put forward by American economist Dales in 1968, it has been applied to the management of air and river pollution sources in the United States since the 1970s.
China began to carry out pilot projects in 2007, and 14 provinces (autonomous regions and municipalities), including Zhejiang and Jiangsu, have been fully implemented.
According to the Russian Defense Ministry, in order to assist the six strategic bombers to carry out air strikes against Islamic State (IS) targets in Syria, a number of Russian warplanes launched from the Syrian Khmeimim air base to provide support.
On 22 February this year, the United States and Russia reached an agreement on a ceasefire between the parties to the Syrian conflict, which has been in effect since 27 February.
Under the agreement, the cease-fire does not include military strikes against terrorist groups designated by the UN Security Council, such as the Islamic State's Support Front.
Russia will continue to build the relevant military infrastructure at the base, and the living conditions of Russian military personnel will be guaranteed accordingly.
Without a crackdown on extremist forces, they would expand into Russia, he added.
Although Russia and the West have not reached an agreement to jointly combat extremist forces in Syria, Russia will strengthen cooperation in this regard with Syria, Iran, Iraq and other parties.
In September 2015, Russia began a military campaign against extremist forces in Syria at the invitation of the Syrian government.
March 15 this year, the main Russian military forces in Syria began to withdraw, but the Russian side pledged to continue to maintain the Hermeimim air base and naval base in Tartus.
In the case of the rebirth of the old house and the successful township creation, He Peijun has done a good demonstration: Inherit a century-old house, but also tell the story of the inheritance of a piece of land at the same time.
Today, an average of 100,000 people gather in Takeyama each year, either to bring a variety of ideas, or to seek inner peace.
In fact, the relationship between the country and the city should be accompanied by each other, just like the mother and child, there is no distinction between strong and weak, there is no need to rule who, it should be very warm.
There is no fixed pattern of rural development, but it is extremely difficult to rely on rural spontaneous change, the most important point should be to let the right people to go to the countryside.
Traffic authorities in Shanghai's Songjiang district have seized more than 30 cases a week using electronic police to crack down on drivers playing with their mobile phones while driving.
With the popularity of smartphones, mobile phones are becoming more and more fun, swiping WeChat, tweeting and even playing games and visiting Taobao have become the norm, and many people seem to be inseparable from their mobile phones, even when driving can not stop.
The Road Traffic Safety Act explicitly prohibits playing with a mobile phone while driving, and defines it as "an act that interferes with safe driving."
Unfortunately, due to the large number of offenders, difficulties in obtaining evidence and other reasons, this phenomenon has not been punished as it should be, and the legal provisions have become almost a sham.
If the authorities can all resolve to "declare war" on driving and playing with mobile phones and normalise the measure, the offence will surely be curbed.
Strict management of household registration files, the registration materials without household registration of the establishment of electronic and paper files one by one, to ensure that the file information is complete and effective.
The public security organ shall inform the relevant departments in a timely manner about the registration of persons without household registration.
Policy measures that are inconsistent with the spirit of the present Implementation Opinions will be subject to a centralized clean-up, a serious revision of the amendment and a resolute repeal of the repeal.
Wang Xuefen, 48, was taking workers to spray pear trees in a collective shed in the village of Donglin, Taicang City.
The village of 150 acres of orchards, more than 10 tree species, only 12 workers plus a technical engineer.
Last year fifty thousand dollars altogether, like my age, if you work in a factory certainly can't get this money.
Last year, Donglin's village-level income reached 22 million yuan, of which agriculture accounted for nearly half of total revenue.
Village Secretary Su Qifang: Per capita land acreage is rising every year, just 50 acres, now more than 100 acres; per acre efficiency is increasing every year, the income of professional farmers have room to grow every year.
The biggest highlight of the rural collective economic reform in southern Jiangsu is to clarify the property rights of rural collective operating assets and to explore the separation of politics and economy.
In July 2015, 14 rural economic cooperation organizations in the streets of Anzhen, Xishan District, Wuxi City, conducted "separate account management" with their village committees, which performed the management of rural public affairs, while the cooperative organizations were mainly engaged in business operations.
The two institutions have two sets of accounts and do not "tie up boundaries" with each other, so as to prevent corruption in village cadres' participation in the management of collective assets.
Zhu Baoping, deputy director of the Jiangsu Provincial Agriculture Commission, said that the next step in Jiangsu will be to continue to promote the reform of the community joint-stock cooperative system, encourage the joint development of farmers, and establish a mechanism for the operation of democratic power at the village level.
Zhu Baoping: Further push forward the reform, engage in community joint-stock cooperation, quantify the assets to the members, fixed to the farmers, to form a clear property rights.
Through the Internet +, the implementation of his right to know, the right to participate in decision-making and supervision of democratic management, the implementation of the three rights to farmers, indeed let it become a standard operating mechanism of joint-stock cooperation.
At present, the new rural collective economy in southern Jiangsu has mainly formed four types of development models, namely, asset leasing, enterprise shareholding, agricultural development and joint development.
It is understood that the overseas exhibition has become an important platform for promoting the construction of "One Belt, One Road" in Zhejiang Province.
The successful holding of these overseas exhibitions has accumulated valuable experience and a good foundation for continuing to explore the emerging markets along the Belt and Road and building a comprehensive platform for overseas exhibitions and conferences.
Pike will always be guided by the promotion of consumer demand for sports, build the sports industry ecosystem, and accelerate the strategic upgrading from a single sporting goods manufacturing enterprise to a professional sports service enterprise.
Another 34 people were taken to hospital with injuries, including three firefighters who suffered minor injuries, and they have been released from the hospital, Hamill added.
He also appealed to the residents of the apartment that caught fire to contact the authorities, as some of the occupants were still unaccounted for.
"It looks like a bomb fell," said Mariana Turay, who has lived in the apartment for 30 years.
It is understood the local fire brigade took an hour and 45 minutes to extinguish the blaze and residents of nearby buildings were allowed to return to their homes a few hours later.
American Red Cross officials estimate that about 100 people are homeless, with 60 to 70 of them staying in shelters in nearby neighborhood centers, mostly Hispanic residents.
On August 11, the first Jinzhou Wetland Tourism and Culture Festival kicks off on the banks of Hequan Lake in the eastern Chinese city of Jinzhou.
Since 2014, the tourism industry has generated 10% of Jinzhou's GDP, and 11.3% in 2015.
Dongfang Huadicheng Wetland Hot Spring Tourism Zone, located in Jinzhou City, Linghai Economic Zone, Binhai Road, Linghai Section 1, 70 kilometers away from Jinzhou City, 50 kilometers away from Linghai City, 70 kilometers away from Panjin City.
Scenic area has indoor hot spring covers an area of 3,000 square meters, outdoor hot spring covers an area of 4,600 square meters.
Xiamen girl Zhang Binbin: "beautiful hand" began shooting career path several "reversal"
Zhang Donghong, of Dongyuan Village, Xiamen's Xiang'an District, just a few days ago replaced the 29-inch old TV in his home with a 65-inch one.
The daughter of an ordinary farmer is Zhang Binbin, who won the silver medal in the women's 50-meter rifle three-position final for China at the Rio Olympics on Monday night.
11 Day and night, just in front of the new TV, the Zhang Donghong couple and dozens of relatives and close friends, together witnessed the daughter all the way to catch up, from almost the preliminary round was eliminated to almost a complete reversal of the magical process.
In that day's competition, Zhang Binbin once ranked in the middle and lower reaches, seems to be very far away from the final.
But the parents and friends did not give up, kept brushing the text live, see with the other players finished, Zhang Binbin all the way up the ranking, eventually locked up the final seat, his home immediately erupted from a burst of cheers.
In the final, Zhang Binbin was once ranked in the situation, the last few shots more and more stable, only 0.2 ring behind the champion to win the silver medal.
Zhang, now 27, has come close to winning the hard-won silver medal several times in his 16-year shooting career.
Zhang Xiaolong, his mother, told reporters that just as they hesitated, Zhang Binbin sought several "novelists" from the same village.
These "novelists" were children from the same village who had been recommended for training at the same time, including Zhang's cousin.
Shortly after entering the Xiamen team, Zhang Binbin and once again because of family difficulties and other reasons, take the initiative to return to the school in Xiang'an.
But after his enlightenment coach Zhang Yajie did the work repeatedly, Zhang Binbin returned to the Xiamen team.
After entering the provincial team, Zhang Binbin and because of the delay into the national team, once because there was no hope and returned home again.
This time, not only coach Zhang Yajie, Xiamen Shooting and Archery Sports Center and Fujian Province team leaders and coaches came to the home, and eventually persuaded Zhang Binbin to return to the provincial team.
Just as yesterday's game, the Xiamen girl with the stick to achieve a shooting on the road to a reversal.
"Every coach picks his players differently, and I saw that Benny's hands were so beautiful that I fell in love with him."
Zhang Donghong also recalled that in the training test, his daughter, although not the best results, but hit the ring number is stable, which is an important reason for Zhang Binbin attracted coaches.
In the process of training Zhang Binbin, Zhang Yajie was most impressed by the dedication of the peasant girl.
He recalled that more than a year after Zhang Binbin entered the Xiamen Shooting Team, the team carried out a standing practice of raising a gun and asked the team members not to move for half an hour.
Zhang Xiaolong told reporters that his daughter has been a quiet and well-behaved children, from an early age like painting and homemade hand-made toys,
"Originally I would make clothes at home, sewing, Binbin will pick up some bits and pieces to make their own dolls."
She says her daughter often sews her own handmade toys and, with her expertise in painting, makes everything from the doll's features to her clothes and accessories come to life.
As an athlete, Zhang Binbin and his family gathered less and more, only the holidays to go home, usually by telephone contact.
Parents said, whether it is to meet or call, Zhang Binbin rarely said their hard work, more with their parents to talk about something happy.
Usually can not see his daughter, parents at home will be his daughter's childhood paintings as well as the honor of the calendar year are carefully preserved.
Zhang showed his daughter's animated cartoon to reporters, "If she hadn't been a shooter, she should have continued to draw."
And in the living room on the second floor of Zhang Binbin's home, there is a cupboard full of medals, medals and certificates she has received.
Zhang Donghong neatly placed the medals and medals, certificates are unified into the folder preservation, "these are Binbin more than ten years of hard work in exchange for the honor, we all cherish."
Recently, the Hebei Province Compassion Fund sent 16,000 yuan to Jingxing County Xiaozuo, Taitou, Guiquan and other villages in the hands of six families who lost their families.
This is the Fund to the community to find "7.19 floods in the bereaved children and lonely elderly" after the revelation of another act of sympathy and care.
7.19 Heavy rainfall has affected many areas of Hebei Province, causing flooding in some areas of the province, as well as deaths and disappearances.
Good man "old iron" for helping the community duty drainage unfortunate sacrifice, leaving a 2-year-old toddler and pregnant wife, good man "old iron" sentimental touched the entire provincial city.
August 4, Hebei Province, the staff of the Compassion Fund and Hebei Brand Association volunteers came to the good people "Lao Tie" home, the 3200 yuan of love money to "Lao Tie" in the hands of the family.
When the brand will vice president Ye Li learned about the status of the "old iron" family, immediately decided in the brand will be the enterprise members to carry out "love charity" activities to help the "old iron" family to tide over difficulties.
The Hebei Province Compassion Fund, known as the Hebei Province Voluntary Service Foundation · Compassion Fund, was launched by the Hebei Brand Association Preparatory Committee and was established in August 2015.
Hong Kong's Oriental Daily reported on August 12, the current mainland diamond sales are alleged to exist in three major problems, including false diamond clarity to push up prices, false diamond weight, after-sale insecurity and so on.
And Antwerp is one of the world's largest diamond trading centres, with local artisans renowned for their diamond-cutting skills, and the diamonds sold are highly qualified and popular with mainland women.
"A small cloth bag, held in the palm of your hand, a light handful, worth nearly a million dollars," said a woman surnamed Liu, who was involved in the purchase of diamonds, describing her experience in Antwerp in June this year to the mainland media.
She said she hid the diamonds in her underwear, carried them to the toilet and shower for days on end, and was nervous about walking and sleeping.
She claims that diamonds bought in Antwerp cost about $55,000 per carat, while diamonds of the same quality retail at about $111,000 in Xiamen.
A few days ago, she sold all the diamonds on her behalf at a 20% mark-up, making a profit of $200,000 at a time.
According to the Mainland Customs, diamonds are not articles or necessities for passengers in their itinerary and therefore fall into the category of goods. They are required to be declared at the time of entry and exit. Otherwise, they may be classified as smuggled goods and are liable to imprisonment in serious cases.
British Prime Minister Theresa May is to spend her summer holidays in Switzerland, Britain's prime minister Downing Street announced Thursday, without giving details of where she will be taking the holiday, foreign media reported.
Media captionIn the wake of the British referendum on Brexit, Britain's new prime minister chose to take a holiday in Switzerland, a "neutral country" on the European continent, with some sort of policy symbolism.
The Guardian has commented that the symbolism represented by Switzerland as a neutral country played a role in the choice of the British prime minister's first holiday destination.
The Daily Telegraph review noted that Theresa May chose to holiday in Switzerland, the first time a British prime minister has visited the country since Mrs Thatcher.
The choice of two female prime ministers contrasts with the two male prime ministers, Tony Blair and David Cameron, who prefer to spend their holidays in hotter places.
It is understood that Britain's new prime minister, Theresa May, will return to London on 24 August, after which a series of important jobs and activities await her.
The British Parliament will resume on 5 September to debate issues including an online request to hold a second Brexit referendum.
The UK voted to leave the EU in a referendum on 23 June, but Britain's new prime minister is reluctant to trigger Article 50 of the Lisbon treaty on member Brexit before the end of the year.
There are 1325 existing intangible cultural heritage projects in Huangshan City, ranking first in the province in both kind and quantity.
As the non-hereditary inheritance of emblem culture mainly depends on oral transmission, many of them are on the verge of being lost, so it is imperative to use digital technology to preserve and protect them.
In accordance with the arrangements for the work of the Standing Committee of the Provincial People's Congress for this year, the Standing Committee plans to hear and deliberate special work reports and carry out special inquiries on the implementation of the Law on Banking Supervision and the development of local economies.
In mid-August, the Standing Committee will organize two research groups to conduct research in some cities in preparation for special inquiries.
Hua pointed out that the Standing Committee of the Provincial People's Congress listens to and considers the special work reports of the vertical administrative departments and carries out special inquiries for the first time in our province, which is an active exploration to strengthen and expand the supervision work of the National People's Congress.
At the exercise director's department in Kashgar, Xinjiang, at the behest of the general director, the armed police units stationed in Kashgar, Hotan, and Aksu quickly assembled and moved to the exercise site in accordance with the guidance instructions.
China's Mars mission is here.
China's Mars exploration mission to achieve a circle, landing, patrol, this form has never been in foreign countries.
The goal of our country's Mars exploration and launch is to surround, land and patrol in one step, which is quite difficult.
Because Mars exploration takes 26 months to meet a window of time, experts are working closely on engineering plans to launch our country's first Mars rover in this window by 2020.
According to Xu Dazhe, although China's spacecraft has entered deep space, but the completion of the Mars exploration mission is still indispensable, Mars exploration means that China from the true sense into the era of deep space exploration.
"Every two or three years, there is only one chance for Mars to be closest to Earth, and launching a Mars rover at this point in time is the most energy-efficient for a launch vehicle," he said.
"Taking into account the quality of the Mars rover, China will be the Long March V launch vehicle to complete the mission."
China's Mars exploration mission to achieve a surround, landing, patrol, this form has never been in foreign countries, foreign countries have been intended to achieve a surround and landing, but the landing failed.
There are many technical fields involved in Mars exploration, and the special thing is that, although the Mars rover is a space probe, it has distinct characteristics compared with the general space probe.
That is to say, the Mars rover should have the ability to determine the route and discover the danger of obstacles.
Pang Zhihao, a researcher at the Fifth Academy of the China Aerospace Science and Technology Group, said that the reason why people are so interested in Mars exploration is because it has important scientific, technological and other significance, and even concerns the future of mankind.
Mars has now become the planet with the highest degree of human research outside the Earth, and the history of human exploration of Mars using space probes runs through almost the entire history of human spaceflight.
As a result, humanity hopes to one day establish a residential base on Mars, eventually migrating to it and turning it into a second home for humanity.
There are also plenty of indications that Mars, like Earth today, may have evolved over billions of years to become a thin atmosphere, cooler temperatures, depleted water sources, and so on.
So exploration or manned landing on Mars for research could offer a preview of preventing the Earth from becoming a second Mars that would be difficult for humans to survive.
As of June 2016, 114 lunar expeditions and 43 Mars expeditions had been conducted globally.
Since the 1990s, however, there have been 18 missions to Mars, compared with 14 to the moon.
There are currently five Mars orbiters and two Mars rovers in operation, but only one lunar orbiter and one lunar lander are operational.
Today's exploration of Mars is hotter than that of the moon, as evidenced by the fact that the world's major spacefaring nations have developed plans to target the Mars system.
On November 5, 2013, India launched its first Mars rover, Mangarian, making it the first country in Asia to successfully explore Mars.
"Mangarian" is used to study the surface, atmosphere and mineral features of Mars, and to search for signs of methane and life on Mars.
The most difficult part of the mission was that the rover had only one chance to enter the Martian atmosphere with its aerodynamic configuration and parachute deceleration
The Mars exploration mission faces many technical challenges, according to Sun Zezhou, chief architect of the Mars rover in the general department of the Fifth Academy of the China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation.
Mars has a very low atmospheric pressure, only 1% of the atmospheric pressure on the Earth's surface, with a high degree of uncertainty.
Scientists do not yet have a thorough understanding of factors such as its variability and storm-time characteristics.
Mars often forms dust storms in the summer that resemble the dust of the Earth, causing a sharp drop in the sun's energy received by the rover, which must be designed to "sleep" in order to patiently wait for the dust storm to pass.
At the same time, the Martian atmosphere has a diminishing effect on solar light, which poses a problem for the energy supply for Mars exploration.
This requires that the probe's solar wing area is larger and needs to be constantly adjusted in an effort to align with the direction of the sun.
Also, the surface gravity of Mars is only 38% of that of Earth, but it is much greater than that of the lunar surface, so the probe needs more power.
"The most central and most difficult part of this mission is the aerodynamic shape and parachute deceleration of the spacecraft as it enters the Martian atmosphere.
Sun said the whole process could not be controlled by the ground in real time because of the distance between the Earth and Mars, so it had to be done autonomously by the rover.
Since there are not so many propellants to offset that high velocity, the deceleration upon landing on Mars depends on the action of the Martian atmosphere, which is difficult to simulate on the ground.
In general, the way to explore Mars is similar to the way to explore the moon, Pang said, and is also to "circle, fall, patrol, and return," ultimately achieving the goal of a manned landing on Mars.
Because Mars is much farther away from Earth than the Moon is from Earth, exploring Mars will require tackling a series of more complex technical hurdles.
Taiwan's "Executive Premier" Lin Quan announced yesterday morning that "the regulations governing the improper acquisition of property by political parties and their affiliated organizations" will take effect from today, according to Taiwanese media reports.
Zhan Qixian, vice chairman of the Kuomintang, said: "A Kuomintang with a history of more than 100 years has social commitments and responsibilities, and will not fail in this way."
Lin stressed that if political parties, affiliated organizations or trustees violate the prohibition against punishment stipulated in the regulations, the committee will investigate ex officio and punish them "in accordance with the law."
Lin also announced that he would not be the vice chairman of the party's property committee, and that Hung Pei-kan, Taiwan's "deputy director of the Independent Commission Against Corruption," would be appointed to the post.
He said that Gu Lixiong is the only person to serve as the chairman of the inappropriate party property committee. Borrowing from Hong Bacon's past experience in inspecting relevant major cases, it will serve as the basis for the committee to identify relevant cases of improper party property.
Jen Chih-hsien believes that as long as there are still party properties today, no one will give you social donations. If all party properties are confiscated and taken away, the Kuomintang can just ask for social support and sponsorship.
Zhan Qixian also stressed that even if improper party property regulations on the road, the Kuomintang party property has not been completely confiscated, confiscated, the rest will still be donated in accordance with the commitment, so that the party will return to zero, the party should start from scratch.
The original title: "Corridor Doctor" Lan Yufeng v CCTV presenter Wang Zhian reputation infringement first instance lost
Lan Yuefeng brought Wang Zhian and Beijing Micro-Dream Network Technology Co., Ltd. to court over comments made by CCTV host Wang Zhian on Sina Weibo in response to the incident involving the "Corridor Doctor."
Yesterday afternoon, the Haidian court handed down its verdict in the case, finding that Wang Zhian and Weimeng Company did not constitute infringement and rejecting all the claims of Lan Yuefeng.
In early 2014, an investigation by CCTV reporter Wang Zhian found that despite the fact that Lan Yuefeng, who had been sitting in a hospital corridor for more than 600 days, was portrayed by the media as a tragic hero crushed by the system, there was a great deal of misinformation in those reports.
The Corridor Doctor programme, produced by the CCTV news investigation, was broadcast on March 29, 2014.
Lan Yuefeng reported to the media a variety of so-called excessive medical information, there is no evidence to support it.
Wang Zhian also in the real-name authentication of the Twitter account, described "Lan Yue Feng has come to this point because of the character, it has obvious paranoid personality and so on."
LanYueFeng request WangZhiAn delete microblog, to its apology and compensation for spiritual damage consolation 10 million yuan.
At the court hearing at the time, the two sides debated whether Wang Zhian had violated Lan Yuefeng's right to reputation.
12 Watch: Athletics kick-off China is busy women's football team rushed four bicycles hoping for a breakthrough
Cycling is on track for a "zero breakthrough" in Olympic gold, while the women's soccer girls will challenge two-time world champion Germany in anticipation of a blowout into the top four.
Wang has been in outstanding form for the past two seasons, winning a silver medal at the Athletics World Championships in Beijing last year and upgrading his individual event title at the Group Walking World Championships in May.
Zhang Huizhen, a 27-year-old female archer from South Korea, won a gold medal in the women's individual archery event, winning the Olympic gold medal after the team event and becoming a double champion, foreign media reported.
Regarded as a late contender, Zhang Huizhen, who regretted not getting a ticket to the last London Olympics, is now proudly standing on the top podium of the Rio Olympics.
Zhang Huizhen won the gold medal by beating Germany's Lisa Onlu 6-2 in the final of the women's archery individual event at the Samba Boulevard Stadium in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
She did not shoot her first arrow until she was in fourth grade in primary school, and it was only in 2014, at the age of 27, that she won her first individual gold medal at the World Cup, a late starter.
"There was no level before middle school, so that you couldn't compete in the national competition," Zhang recalled.
Zhang Huizhen, who finished fourth in the London Olympic trials four years ago, had to sit back and watch her colleague and friend Chi-fu win two gold medals.
Zhang Huizhen talked about her comments on winning gold at the end of the awards ceremony of the Women's Archery Individual Competition. "Up to the end, she shot as many shots as she could, which may have brought good results and contentment.
Kifubi, a 28-year-old South Korean archer and gold medalist in the individual archery competition at the London Olympics, won the bronze medal.
Chippee lost to Zhang Huizhen in the semifinals to compete for the bronze medal with Mexico's Alejandra Valencia.
Chi-fu times in ensuring that the bronze medal after the tears sprinkled the arena, in the meantime, silently bear the burden of gold can be imagined.
The first is that the coaching staff has accumulated rich experience in constant research, followed by scientific training methods, which need to be accumulated over a long period of time.
The archery team helps the players to concentrate and stay calm through military training and through the graveyard at night.
Although it hasn't been confirmed, numerous sources have said Apple's fall 2016 launch will take place in September, and the iPhone 7 is really coming.
Apple didn't respond, but word has spread about the new iPhone's features and configuration, and even pictures of the iPhone 7's "real model" are available online.
The next generation of iPhones is "eye-catching", hot, hot, rich and out of stock... If you want to buy the real thing for the first time, make sure you choose a good channel, say, Suning.
This added to the frustration over the new phone, "It lengthens, but it doesn't project a hologram at all! This generation of iPhones sucks."
The iPhone 7, like other iPhones, has been accompanied by countless secrets before it was born.
Also, multiple sources have claimed that the new iPhone will eliminate the 3.5mm headphone jack and instead use a Bluetooth connection and charging jack, which would give Apple room to add a second speaker.
Another piece of evidence to back up the news is that back in 2014 Apple allowed headphone makers to make headphone products that were connected through a charging interface.
The news is either true or false, and the answer won't be revealed until Apple's autumn 2016 launch.
But that doesn't detract from the industry's bullish outlook for the iPhone 7 - which many believe will most likely be Apple's last major upgrade to the iPhone family.
Though the iPhone's market share has fallen, according to data released recently by market research firm IDC.
Among them, Goldman Sachs maintained a "buy" rating on Apple's stock, while BMO analysts said the iPhone 7 would reap a historic sales performance.
At the same time, Hock Tan, CEO of Broadcom, said it was likely that Apple would increase revenue by more than 20 percent in the future, thanks entirely to the launch of the iPhone 7.
Seven percent of respondents said they planned to buy the iPhone 7, compared with just four percent two years ago.
It is understood that 20 per cent of the current group of users who hold the iPhone 6 or 6Plus plan to buy the iPhone 7, which is a fairly high percentage.
Second, there is expert analysis, most of the fruit powder like to replace their iPhone handsets from generation to generation.
About 26 percent of all iPhone users have not changed their phone in two years, or nearly 120 million users have had their iPhone for two years, according to the report.
Media captionTaiwan has been hit by several earthquakes during the production of the iPhone 7. "TSMC's production facilities have been damaged beyond imagination and could have an impact on the initial supply of the iPhone 7."
Contradictions between supply and demand will affect ordinary users, it is time to choose a good channel, the first time low prices to start the genuine iPhone 7.
According to people familiar with the matter, recently, Suning executives have been meeting with Apple frequently in order to prepare an adequate supply.
The operator has already negotiated with Suning, and predictably, with the deep cooperation between the two sides, it is bound to bring lower prices and more intimate services to users.
"At the lowest price, consumers might be able to buy an iPhone 7 for as little as $7 a day," he said.
Sufficient supply and a variety of concessions, so that the purchase of the iPhone 7 is no longer "pressure mountain," and Suning's logistics, is to turn this beautiful into a more intuitive experience.
Maybe you'll get a call in the middle of the night saying, "Hello, Suning EasyJet, your iPhone 7 is here."
The organizers hope that through the cultural relics exhibition, the local people will learn more about the Chinese culture with a long history, so as to enhance mutual understanding and friendship between the two peoples.
Barcelona's "Exhibition of Cultural Relics of the Ming Dynasty" is part of a European tour that will run until early October.
Huaxia Bank and Pudong Development Bank yesterday released their semi-annual report for 2016, and in the second quarter, China Securities Capital again stepped in to increase its stake.
Among them, Chinatrust increased its stake in Huaxia Bank to 29.2931 million shares. By the end of June, the number of shares it held in Huaxia Bank had increased to 387 million shares, and its share had increased from 3.35 per cent to 3.62 per cent.
According to estimates by China Merchants Securities, after subtracting the increase, China Securities Group also increased its holdings of 38 million shares in the Pudong Development Bank in the second quarter, increasing its holdings to nearly 600 million shares, accounting for 2.77 percent of the Pudong Development Bank's shares.
Recently, the Hobo Garden in Shizibang, Zhengfu Village, Tongxiang City, Zhejiang Province, was officially opened to villagers and tourists.
The garden consists of more than 100 small round ponds, planted about 300 varieties of ornamental lotus, water lilies, etc.
The rural lotus industry has both ornamental, leisure and economic benefits, and has become a bright spot in the development of new rural areas.
The Rio Olympic "Green Pool" incident has come under scrutiny in recent days as the water in the diving pool turned from blue to green, foreign media reported.
However, water from the water polo match pool adjacent to the diving pool also turned green on the morning of Oct.
The Australian water polo player said after the match that he felt a tingling in his eyes and wanted to shed tears.
Earlier, Rio Olympic officials confirmed the pool turned green and said the discoloration was due to a weakening of the alkalinity and would not affect the athletes' physical health.
But Australian athletes said after their victory against the Japanese team in the water polo pool that they had a tingling in their eyes.
After the water in the diving pool turned green at the earliest, the competition organizers worked overtime on the night of 9 to deal with the problem, but on the morning of 10 found that the color of the water polo pool also changed rapidly.
Environmental conditions in the water polo pools deteriorated during the Australian team's match against Japan, but officials stressed they would return the water quality in both pools to its original colour on Nov.
"The water in the diving pool was the first to weaken in alkalinity yesterday afternoon," Rio Olympic spokesman Mario Andrada said.
"We learned about a range of possible causes of pool water discoloration and the alkalinity of the water quality," he said.
The water sports centre has carried out a series of tests and hundreds of divers and swimmers have used the pool to make sure the conditions are up to standard.
"We've been following normal procedures these days, but we may have overlooked the impact more athletes could have on water quality," he said.
"But a change in the colour of the water certainly has no effect on health, especially for athletes," he said.
"This independent team confirmed our assessment and confirmed the steps we have taken to restore the pool to its normal colour and chemical condition," he said.
"We had hoped that the pool would return to normal color in the morning, but the pace of recovery was affected by the rain," he said.
An explosion ripped through a prison on the outskirts of Metro Manila yesterday, injuring the warden and killing 10 prisoners, including two Chinese, Taiwan's Central News Agency reported.
ABS-CBN television reported that the incident took place at Paranaque prison around 9pm last night, but police did not make a preliminary statement until 2am this morning.
Police said the 10 prisoners asked the warden to complain about the transfer, but the two sides did not agree, some prisoners threw grenades, resulting in an explosion.
The prison authorities have not yet released the names of the dead prisoners, but GMA TV reported that they included two Chinese.
As of 8 a.m., the prison authorities had not provided detailed instructions, including how the prisoners had obtained the grenades.
Police in the central Philippines yesterday entered a regional prison in Leyte province, killing a prisoner who had "attempted to attack a police officer."
Urumqi to regulate the operation of individual tourist market order travel agencies must sign a contract with tourists
At present, Xinjiang has entered the tourist season, in order to regulate the order of the tourism retail market, the Urumqi City Tourism Law Enforcement Detachment of the joint City Administration of Transportation Law Enforcement Detachment yesterday on the retail market in the presence of non-standard tourist vehicles, travel agencies and tourists signed a contract with the low rate and other issues were investigated and dealt with.
About 10 buses full of tourists were parked around the Kempinski Hotel at eight o'clock yesterday morning, most of them for a day trip to the Tianchi.
Hello, I'm from Urumqi Tourism Bureau, have you signed a contract with this travel agency?
Urumqi transportation bureau law enforcement detachment staff Yu Bin said: "off-site coach and bus line in the Urumqi market operating tourism passenger transport projects, without qualifications."
"The penalty for operating beyond the limits is a fine of three to one hundred thousand dollars, and a fine of 2,000 yuan for a driver who does not have a license to practise."
It is understood that the city of Urumqi tourism law enforcement authorities have previously checked the West Park, Red Hill and other places where tourists are concentrated.
"The first is safety, the second is regulation, the tourist vehicle is no small matter, once something goes wrong is a mass casualty," said Maggie, deputy head of the tourism law enforcement branch in Urumqi.
"We are working with the management to continuously check the market and regulate the use of cars by travel agencies to ensure the safety of tourists," he said.
On the morning of August 12, the Information Office of the State Council held a press conference on the operation of the national economy in July 2016.
Sheng Laiyun, spokesman for the National Bureau of Statistics and director of the General Statistics Department of the National Economy, said that the growth rate of some indicators of the national economy had slowed in July, but it was still operating within a reasonable range.
Figures released by the National Bureau of Statistics show that the growth rate of fixed-asset investment and total imports fell in July.
Sheng Laiyun said that with regard to the performance of the national economy in July, I would like to borrow a phrase once spoken by the Prime Minister, "The situation is fluctuating and the trend is still positive," which can better summarize the characteristics of the economic operation in July.
He explained that "volatility" refers to the fact that the growth rate of some economic indicators did decline in July.
Because the domestic and foreign economies were still undergoing deep adjustment in July, the international situation was complicated and changeable, and the recovery of the world economy was less than expected, so the pressure on exports was still relatively strong.
Domestically, the economy as a whole is still in the crucial stage of adjustment, the pain of adjustment is being released and the economy is facing considerable downward pressure, so some indicators are somewhat volatile.
Sheng noted that there was also a special situation in July, with more severe flooding and severe heat, which had some impact on production and operations in some areas.
According to a recent release by the Ministry of Civil Affairs, more than 60 million people across the country have been affected by the disaster, with direct economic losses of more than 200 billion yuan.
These areas are affected to varying degrees in terms of industrial, investment and transport-related indicators.
The growth rate of goods turnover in July fell 3.6 percentage points from the previous month, with flooding having some impact on traffic in these areas.
Judging from these factors, it is also normal and expected that some of the indicators will fluctuate in July.
He said the "trend is still positive" refers to the fact that despite the slowdown in economic growth, the overall economic performance is stable, steady and positive trend has not changed.
CPI rose 1.8 per cent in July, up 0.2 per cent month-on-month, and 2.1 per cent in January-July, so prices are generally stable.
According to the Chongqing Meteorological Bureau portal to the high temperature of the counties statistics, in addition to Youyang, the rest of the city can receive different degrees of high temperature allowance.
At least 28 provinces across the country have now clarified the criteria for the payment of allowances, although the criteria are not the same in the provinces and municipalities, while Chongqing receives a high-temperature allowance in the form of a high-temperature working day allowance.
If the temperature is above 35 ° C and below 37 ° C, the standard is not less than 10 yuan per person per day, and if the temperature is above 37 ° C, the standard is not less than 15 yuan per person per day.
High temperature workers above 40 ℃ are entitled to a monthly allowance of up to 20 yuan / day (except for those workers who have already enjoyed the post allowance for high temperature operation in accordance with the law).
According to this standard, last month, the highest number of days of hot weather in Kaizhou can receive 330 yuan, the number of days the least Chengkou is 80 yuan, and Youyang the highest temperature due to not meet the high temperature standards, so there is no high temperature allowance.
In the past, many units would offset the high temperature allowance with refreshing drinks. The City Safety Supervision Bureau said that this practice was not in line with the current practice.
The employing units shall not deduct or reduce the wages of the workers if they stop working or shorten their working hours due to the hot weather.
The city's social service bureau said employees who have not received a high temperature allowance for working in high temperatures can fight for their legitimate rights and interests through the labor dispute mediation agency where the business is located, or call 12333 to lodge a complaint.
If an employing unit refuses to pay a high-temperature allowance, the worker may file a complaint with the department in charge of human resources and social security at or above the county level in the place where the employee is employed.
At the same time, since the high temperature allowance is part of the salary and not a benefit, it is included in the total salary and deducted from the tax.
The high temperature allowance is therefore not covered by the minimum wage and must be paid in cash and cannot be substituted in kind, such as beverages.
The newly built Urumqi station is located in the high-speed railway section of the city of Urumqi, with an overall construction area of about 100,000 square meters.
The first and second floors above ground are inbound, waiting rooms, office and commercial buildings, and the first floor below ground is the outbound level.
At present, Urumqi station is the largest integrated transport hub in Xinjiang, integrating high-speed rail, rail transit, public transport, rental and so on, which can achieve seamless docking of various modes of transfer.
There are three ticket offices on the north and south sides of the platform and on the north side of the departure level, equipped with 39 manual ticket windows and 34 automatic ticket machines.
As for ticket inspection, there are 30 lanes on the east and west sides of the waiting hall. Passengers can quickly check and wait for the train according to the ticket gate number on the ticket.
If you need help, you can press the nearest station within the 41 call button to choose, you can get timely service.
From July 1, passenger trains from the old passenger station, also known as the Urumqi South Railway Station, have been running to Urumqi Station in stages.
That is to say, all moving cars and 30 pairs of outgoing trains can be stopped at Urumqi station.
Tickets are now available at both stations, and train travel time between them is around 10 minutes, so passengers need to pay attention to the ticket departure and terminal station names.
The official commissioning of the new passenger station in Urumqi will become an important platform for Xinjiang to build a national comprehensive transportation city, and promote the construction of the "Silk Road Economic Belt" and the new district.
Gracia is a budding female toucan with the scent of a tropical rainforest.
In the Central American country of Costa Rica, the toucan Gracia and its story have long been a household name.
At a press conference on August 10, Gracia, who is recovering from surgery, finally appeared to show off her brand-new, 3D printed plastic beak.
The dying toucan, which had its beak snapped off a year and a half ago, has been given a new lease of life.
This day heralds not only its 100 per cent return to health, but also its move into the luxurious aviary and its meeting with human friends who care about it.
Gracia, who had just entered her new home, was a little shy, but soon became active, wallowing in the basin and eating the grapes with her new beak.
To remind people of the damage it has suffered, instead of painting its new beak, technicians have kept the original white of the 3D printing material.
The beak is covered with a thin, horny sheath that is hollow inside, with only a few thin, bone-supporting poles interlaced.
Despite this internal reinforcement, the toucan's beak is still fragile and will break when it is damaged.
The Animal Rescue Center, ornithologists and an American 3D printing company worked together to create several "experimental beaks" for Gracia, finally creating the "perfect beak" for her.
Gracia is now adept at using her new beak to drink, eat and even pick up tiny grains.
"The final product took about two months to design and only four or five hours to print."
"3D printing is not the technology of the future, it has really come into your life and mine," Thomas Langer, chairman of SG3D printing company, told Xinhua International.
Gracia, a toucan covered in blood, was discovered on a farm in Gracia, in the central Alajuela province of Costa Rica, in January 2015.
At that time, its beak was brutally broken by a group of young people, it was completely unable to eat, life-threatening.
The tragedy in Gracia has caused a flurry of calls against animal cruelty in and around Costa Rica after media reports.
There have been calls for stricter animal protection laws and greater penalties for abusers.
People came spontaneously and did their best to help Gracia get back to life as much as possible before the injury.
Even Chuck Hull, the inventor of 3D printing technology, was involved in the design of Gracia's upper beak.
"The case of Gracia is unique in that the remaining part of its upper beak is less than one centimetre, which makes it difficult to install a new beak," he said.
"We scanned Gracia and then designed and made an extended prosthesis that was slightly longer than the rest of her upper beak.
"This will reduce further invasive damage to Gracia," Langer told Xinhua International.
Before installing the prosthesis, staff had to clean up Gracia's beak every day to prevent infection.
Thousands of miles away, the story of Toucan Gracia moved famous documentary filmmaker Paula Heredia and Discovery News producer John Hoffman.
They chronicled the installation of Gracia's new beak and recorded a documentary, "Land of the Toucans," which was shown on Animal Planet this month.
The documentary "Land of Toucans" shows how a tiny toucan can make a country change for itself, and how it can involve its citizens in the fight against animal cruelty.
Core tip: Japanese oil companies are particularly wary of the rise of China's small, independent refineries, known as teapots.
JX Energy, Japan's largest oil company, believes that "China's expanding exports are one of the reasons for the downturn," it said.
Japanese oil companies in particular have expressed alarm over the rise of China's small, independent refineries, known as "teapots."
The quality of China's petroleum products is getting closer to that of Japan's because of the Chinese government's stricter environmental regulations.
Before obtaining permission to import crude oil, "teapot refineries" generally import heavy oils with high sulphur content from places such as Russia for refining.
The production of petroleum products with high sulfur content and poor oil quality has become one of the causes of environmental pollution.
After obtaining permission to import crude oil, the Teapot Refinery was able to import Omani and Russian crude oil with low sulphur content, and the quality of its petroleum products also improved.
"As China's domestic standards for the quality of its oil products continue to improve, so does the capacity of its refining equipment," the company said.
As a result, the quality of China's oil exports has gradually reached the same level as that of Japan, the world's highest quality.
"After the end of 2015, China began exporting high-quality light oil to Australia," JX Energy said, competing with Japanese products in the Asian market.
While Japan's high oil is facing a crisis, Japanese oil companies are responding only by "focusing on the market while exporting to profitable areas".
There has also been growing interest in teapot refineries as Chinese exports of petroleum products have a huge impact on the Asian market.
The 2016 Yangzi Evening News Liqun Sunshine Aid campaign, launched on May 26, brings the total number of poor students applying for grants to more than 800 after two months of registration.
In the process, more than 1.2 million yuan has been donated by the community (which has been announced in five batches) to help at least 240 students from poor families realize their dream of studying at the University.
At present, donations are continuing, and this newspaper calls on the community to continue to lend a helping hand so that more children from disadvantaged families can receive financial support and care from the community.
To ensure fairness, openness and transparency in student aid operations, this newspaper today published basic information on students in batches, and today published the first 1-100, subject to the supervision of readers.
The Liqun Sunshine Student Aid Initiative, a famous Chinese charity brand, has been launched in Jiangsu since 2003, supporting a total of more than 4,000 impoverished students.
The scope of funding for this activity is the university entrance examination for undergraduate students, not including tuition free professional; excellent character, family poverty.
The Bureau of Statistics said New Zealand's population growth had previously been just over 2 per cent in 1974 and at the peak of the "baby boom" population in the 1950s and early 1960s.
New Zealand's net inflow of migrants in the 12 months to June was 691,000, making it the main driver of population growth in recent years.
Also, the natural increase in New Zealand's population over the same time period was 28.2 million.
The figures show that over the last 10 years, New Zealand has had an average annual net inflow of migrants of 2.18 million and an average annual natural population growth of 3.23 million.
Demographically, the influx of migrants has meant a gradual increase in the proportion of "working-age people" between the ages of 15 and 39.
New Zealand's working-age population grew 3.6 percent to 1.58 million in the 12 months to June 2016.
At the same time, the increase in the elderly population over the age of 65 was also 3.6 percent, reaching 7 million people.
At about 10 a.m. yesterday, the X9003 international freight train left Xian Xinzhu Station for Almaty, Kazakhstan.
The train's departure marks the Xi'an Railway Administration's success in driving more than 10,000 cars since it launched the Central Asian International Freight Train in 2013.
It is understood that this class of freight train transportation of goods category covers industrial raw materials, machinery and equipment, industrial spare parts, building materials, food, light industrial products, a total of 206 varieties.
As of 11 August this year, a total of 221 Central Asian trains and 10,009 vehicles had been operated at Xinzhu Station, with a cumulative total of 338,000 tons of exported goods shipped, including 84 in 2016, an increase of 47 percent over the same period last year.
It is understood that the first shipment of the Central Asian class are "made in Shaanxi," and now, it has attracted a large number of foreign sources actively on the list.
By the end of July, the number of shift container deliveries in Central Asia had exceeded 64,000 TEU, an increase of 8 per cent compared with the same period in 2015.
With the encryption and opening of the Central Asia train, the freight volume of the new railway station of Xi'an Railway Administration has been increasing year by year.
In 2015, the new station handled 2.477 million tons of freight for the whole year, and as of August 10, 2016, the volume of freight sent had reached 1.531 million tons, an increase of 6.7% over the same period last year.
In order to meet the needs of future development, Xi'an Railway Administration has launched the construction plan of Xi'an Xinzhu Railway Integrated Logistics Center centering on the new railway station, making every effort to create a modern new railway integrated logistics park.
An Indian great-uncle has won a $1 million prize at the same airport this week after suffering a plane crash landing at Dubai International Airport last week.
Mohammed Bashir Abdul Hedar, a longtime Indian resident in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, has a habit of buying lottery tickets every time he returns home.
His 21-year-old son was paralysed by an accidental fall 13 days after he was born and he has been working hard to pay off his son's medical expenses loan.
"It was God who gave me a second chance at life and gave me the money to do good," Hedar said.
Although it is now the beginning of autumn, but "autumn tiger" power seems to be no worse than the summer.
The ultraviolet ray not only lets the schoolmate's skin turn black, will burn the skin more, how lets the skin be able to pass through the military training smoothly, does not get sunburned?
Sunscreen packaging is generally marked SPF and PA, SPF refers to the sun protection index, is for UVB ultraviolet rays, our common SPF index is 15, 30, 50, and so on.
The products labeled PA are for UVA, which makes sunscreens more effective. Typically, the strength of PA is expressed as +, and an additional + indicates an extended period of effective protection.
Oily skin should choose a strong penetration of water-based sunscreen products, sunscreen spray is also a good choice.
Dry skin should choose frost-like sunscreen products; normal skin is generally not strictly required, sensitive skin rubbing any health care products are a burden, it is recommended that the choice of pure physical sunscreen products.
Remember to apply sunscreen half an hour in advance, as it takes time for the product to fully penetrate into the skin.
Military training sun for a long time, sunscreen every two hours to have a lasting effect, do not be lazy.
As the skin has just been exposed to the sun for the sake of stimulation, military training back do not immediately use whitening products.
After military training exposure, if the conditions can be used towels wrapped with ice to cool the burned skin to slow down the local heat.
Farmers who buy agricultural machinery during the exhibition continue to implement the cumulative subsidy policy, with farmers receiving up to 40 per cent of subsidies for the purchase of agricultural machinery.
The exhibition is aimed at attracting investment from all over the world. In particular, it has increased its invitation to countries along the "One Belt, One Road" and countries in the target market.
The exhibition will strive to complete 60 investment projects, the introduction of capital of 22 billion yuan, signed more than 160 trade contracts, the contract amount of 3.2 billion yuan.
It is reported that the "Xiang Fair" is located in Loudi for seven consecutive years, due to the manufacturing industry in Loudi City, Hunan Province, a solid foundation, a long history of industrial development.
As the host of the "Xiang Fair", Loudi has established trade relations with more than 90 countries around the world.
"Xiang Fair" has become an important platform for the development of local characteristic industries and the promotion of the characteristic industries to go out of the country.
On some nights, the ionosphere is filled with free electrons, which means that radio signals can go much further.
The U.S. Air Force is interested in replicating the effect, according to the August 11 report on the website of the popular science magazine.
While an ionosphere with a steady stream of free electrons could help people listen to a university radio station on the edge of its range, this may not be the Air Force's interest.
The electron-filled ionosphere means that the radio used by the military has a greater range, and it may provide some protection against solar storms for Global Positioning System (GPS) signals.
The ultimate goal may be to create a series of cube satellites, based on demand, that can strengthen the ionosphere when needed.
But first, these teams that contract with the Air Force must prove that the scientific principles will work.
Industry data show that total coal production capacity in 2015 was nearly 6 billion tons, with a national surplus of 1.8 billion tons of coal capacity.
Over the past decade, the State Council has issued a total of five times before and after the elimination of excess and backward production capacity.
Although the first four times did not target the coal industry, but the target industry has a direct relationship with the coal industry.
Between November last year and January, Qinhuangdao's 5,500 kilocalories of thermal coal prices hovered at a low of 370 yuan / ton for a long time, with 90 percent of coal companies in the red.
And since February, coal prices gradually recovered, the recent Qinhuangdao thermal coal prices rose for four consecutive weeks, rose to a 16-month high, once climbed to 436 yuan per ton, up nearly 70 yuan from the beginning of the year.
As prices recovered, concerns arose about whether a group of small coal mines would return to work and return to production.
In this regard, China (Hainan) Reform and Development Research Institute, Director of the Institute of Economics Kuang Xianming conducted analysis and interpretation.
Quang Xianming: De-capacity has attracted a lot of attention from all sides, and today's announcement of the coal industry's report card for de-capacity has really made people feel more worried.
These three superficial factors still reflect the fact that the transformation of our growth pattern has lagged behind in the past, that is, the government-led growth pattern has not yet been fundamentally transformed.
Second, this is also directly related to the local government's efforts to promote, in the process of capacity removal, the funds and corresponding supporting measures have to be in place, from this perspective, the differences between different regions are indeed relatively large.
Third, some provinces that are currently making slower progress may be at greater risk if they are to catch up in the second half of the year.
In this case, relying on central incentive funds to advance the process of capacity removal may have a certain negative impact.
First of all, capacity reduction is not simply a matter of total quantity control.
Our aim is to reconfigure the new format of the entire coal industry by eliminating backward production capacity and promoting the optimization of the structure.
In the process of deploying desalination capacity, local governments must combine desalination capacity with the transformation and upgrading of the coal industry and vigorously develop the relevant service industries.
Second, if we want to complete this year's desalination task within this year, we still have to give full play to the strength of administrative supervision and administrative supervision.
Finally, we should strengthen the role of social security.
Because the market is directly related to the issue of employment, so we should strengthen the employment skills training for employees and workers.
"The decline is due to a deterioration in foreign investment expectations for Brazil's GDP growth over the medium term," he said.
Brazil's participation in global direct investment was 3.7 per cent in 2015, down from 5.7 per cent in 2014.
Credit Suisse's International Investment Attraction Index consists of four sub-indices: infrastructure, economic outlook, business environment and volume of direct investment.
Brazil's international direct investment was $64.6 billion in 2015, down from $73.1 billion in 2014.
Last year, "greenfield investment" in Brazil (the investment model for investing in plants abroad) was $17.9 billion, a decrease of 2.1 per cent year-on-year.
"There are 288 'greenfield investment' projects in Brazil, compared with an annual average of 314 between 2003 and 2014," he said.
However, international direct investment in Brazil has reached $33.8 billion in the first half of 2016, an increase of almost 10 percent compared to the same period last year.
Originally published as caption: Canadian police shoot dead IS supporter: Homemade bomb attacks downtown preparations near end
The taxi company said the taxi was dispatched to Dreyfus' home before police arrived.
Canadian police said at a news conference Wednesday that the information they had received included a "martyrdom video" from the FBI about the young man who was about to carry out the attack.
In the video, a man wearing a black balaclava was reading the Koran, referring to crimes against Muslims and vowing to carry out an attack on a Canadian city soon, Deutsche Welle reported.
He said in the video that the attack would take place within 72 hours and during peak hours.
The incident was the first time police had shot a terror suspect before the incident after Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau came to power last year.
After the upgrading of the Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal branch channel old Wanfu River, Beidaliao Channel from September 1 to collect tolls.
The two tributary waterways are reformed and constructed by means of social financing, and the fees have been approved by the relevant departments of the provincial government.
Old Wanfu River channel flows through Jinxiang, Yutai, through Nanyang Lake into the main channel of the Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal, the total length of 32.5 kilometers.
According to the need of navigation, the old Wanfu River channel adopted the way of maintenance and transformation, dredged the depth of local water, cut the sharp bend, and so on, and the navigation conditions were improved.
The channel flows through Jinxiang County, Rencheng District, through the Nanyang Lake into the main channel of the Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal, a total length of 19 kilometers.
The reconstruction of the two waterways began in February 2011 and was completed in January 2015, with the investment, construction and operation of Jining Anping Canal Logistics Service Center.
In accordance with the principle of "loan construction, fee repayment", Jining Anping Canal Logistics Service Center collects waterway tolls according to the toll standards approved by the Shandong Provincial Price Bureau.
Among them, the basic toll is charged at 1.75 yuan / deadweight tons, and the mileage toll is charged at 0.05 yuan / kilometer load-bearing tons.
Tolls will be collected from 15 June 2016 until 14 June 2019.
The reporter learned from the port and navigation bureau of jining that there are currently four toll channels in jining, namely, the soshui river channel, the baima river channel, the beidaliu channel, the old wanfu river channel.
The four waterways are tributaries of the Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal, all of which have been upgraded by means of social financing.
Zhu Shuihe waterway upgrading and reconstruction project is the first to adopt the "government + market" model for the inland river port in Shandong Province, infrastructure construction projects, the government accounted for the main investment, social funds to supplement the funding gap.
Baima River, the old Wanfu River, North Daliaohe and other feeder channels to take a purely market-oriented mode of operation.
The funds allocated by the state finance can not meet the needs of the construction project and restrict the progress of the upgrading of the waterway.
Social funds for the construction of public infrastructure in line with the requirements of national policy, but also become the way to crack the bottleneck of funds.
Ning's performance in the 100m freestyle semi-final has left many Chinese viewers speechless.
But in the 50m freestyle preliminaries, Ning Zetao once again refreshed the people's "bottom line."
In fact, 50 meters freestyle is not the main event Ning Zetao, his performance at the Kazan World Championships and the best results, but also decided that he is unlikely to break through in this project.
Sure enough, the Ta Kung Pao, an authoritative Hong Kong media outlet, revealed that the biggest reason for Ning's loss was that he had lost interest in swimming.
Many factors off the field may have had a big impact on his thinking about the future, and he may now be more interested in moving into the entertainment industry.
After the world championships in Kazan, Ning Zetao became an instant net red thanks to his super high Yan value and good results.
As a result, "national husband", "small fresh meat", "pattern beautiful man" and other terms also continue to become the label on his body.
A variety of commercial activities come to the door, a good money, become a golden twinkling Avenue.
In this case, even if Ning Zetao chooses to retire and join the entertainment industry at this time, it is not only his freedom, but also a seemingly viable path.
After all, he is only 23 years old, after a certain amount of learning, can rely on its popularity to star in one or two television series.
But Ning Zetao needs to see if he has enough qualifications compared with those of his predecessors.
At the 2000 Sydney Olympics, Liu Xuan, now 21, had reached the end of his athletic career.
Liu Xuan's beautiful appearance made her quickly remembered and laid the foundation for her future foray into the entertainment industry.
After retiring, Liu Xuan starred in a number of television series and set up his own studio in 2013.
Tian Liang competed in the single double 10-meter platform race in two Olympic Games and won two gold and two silver.
But after losing to teammate Hu Jia in the individual 10m platform competition at the 2004 Olympics, Tian Liang's athletic performance slipped and he was blown out of the diving team.
And his participation with his daughter in variety shows such as "Where's Daddy Going?" has made him even more eye-catching.
Once the golden generation of gymnastics Yang Wei, Li Xiaopeng and Chen Yibing all participate in a variety of high-profile programs.
It is worth mentioning that Yang Wei Li Xiaopeng led China to win the 2008 Olympic men's team championship, Yang Wei was twice won the individual all-around gold medal, known as the all-rounder.
Chen, on the other hand, became the king of the rings while leading China to the 2012 Olympic team championship.
And Chen's magnanimous move, after suffering a miscarriage of justice and a painful loss of his gold medal at the London Olympics, has left him with countless laps.
But the main energy for these athletes is still in the arena, and for variety shows, it's just a touch and go.
But whether retired or active athletes, to be able to get the favor of the entertainment industry need to have to take the results as a guarantee.
After all, the athlete steps into a new field, regardless of ability or human relations, is a blank state.
Even Tian Liang, Liu Xuan such mixed entertainment industry for many years "old people," ordinary spectators mentioned them, more still think of their performance at the Olympic Games.
And Yang Wei, Li Xiaopeng and other newcomers, in the introduction of variety show appearances, without exception, are "Olympic champion."
Compared to the above several people, Ning Zetao a swimming world championships champion's name is still slightly thin.
What's more, compared with Tian Liang, Liu Xuan, Yang Wei and other people's success and failure, if Ning Zetao at 23 years old, a slight setback in his sports career on the precipitous retreat, the negative impact on its image is probably immeasurable.
After all, when it comes to athletes, people are asking for "not to win a hundred battles, but to be fearless," and Ning Zettao is a long way from that.
Retreat 10,000 step said, Ning Zetao long handsome, can completely rely on the face value to obtain the support of thousands of brain residues.
No point of power, relying only on appearance, want to mix well in the entertainment industry, this difficulty is not better than good training to get back to the state it should be difficult.
The choice of the road of life is entirely up to the will of the individual, but in the end how to choose, Ning Zetao should have a number in mind.
On the surface, online social platforms have expanded the social circle and reduced people's feelings of loneliness.
The influence of social networking is becoming more and more extensive, not only gradually replacing the traditional telephone contact, and even infiltrated into the real life circle offline, quietly changing people's social life.
The benefits of online social networking are obvious, such as convenience and speed, making it particularly popular with young people.
According to a survey on college students' social habits, 57 percent of college students spend more than five hours a day using their mobile phones.
"Social networking has the characteristics of low cost, high transmission speed and multiple people communicating at the same time, which meets the needs of contemporary college students."
Expanding the circle of relationships, having more equal conversations, and avoiding social concerns are the main reasons why we love online chatting more and more.
Newcomers to the company love to communicate with colleagues online, "because they are not familiar with the unit, through the social platform praise comments, the relationship is much closer than before."
Love to make friends is also commonly used online communication, "with friends before because of some misunderstanding did not contact for some time, and later in a large group of first dialogue a few words before they warm up again."
Wu Yan, an IT engineer, is a deep social network enthusiast. Most of his social life takes place online, with online contacts several times larger than the number of offline friends.
Wu Yan himself also admitted to being more "like a duck to water" on the Internet.
"You can reply to a friend when it's convenient for you, because you have a lot of time to think about words and you can express them more clearly."
"Hidden under the ID, you and I avoid face-to-face collisions, not only have room to maneuver, and even give each other more time and space to think about words and deeds."
"People of different identities have the right and efficiency to speak the same way, and social concerns in real life seem to be dispelled in cyberspace."
However, Wu Yan's friend Xiao Peng feels that Wu Yan in life is a "pretty boring house man."
Xiao Peng and Wu Yan met in a large group because they were both active speakers and soon became familiar with each other.
Xiao Peng feels that Wu Yan is different from the Internet, the language is boring, do not take the initiative to express their views, flipping over and over is a few words, "Oh, OK, is it", or "This I want to check on the Internet."
Lingshui police are now involved in the investigation, Lingshui traffic department will also step up efforts to deal with illegal vehicles.
"Police have yet to find out the outcome of the clash on August 4 and two other drivers had their taxis smashed in their accommodation at about 00: 00 on August 11," he said.
"Most tricycles now operate illegally at night and it is hoped that the authorities will step up their efforts to tackle the problem," he said.
South China Sea Network reporter from the Lingshui Li Autonomous County Public Security Bureau learned that the police have accepted the two cases of the report, the cause of the two cases, who did, whether there is a connection, and so on are under further investigation.
Wang Wenyi, director of the traffic management station of Lingshui Transportation Bureau, said Lingshui's transportation department began to crack down on illegal operation of passenger tricycles at the beginning of this year, with a total of 613 illegal operation of passenger tricycles banned.
In the next step, the transportation department will apply to the county government for joint efforts by multiple departments to crack down on illegal operating vehicles such as tricycles, motorcycles and black cars across the county.
At 8 a.m. on August 11, a reporter from Qilu Evening News followed the "Healthy China Tour" volunteer medical service team to the village of Hegou, Xihu Town, Donggang District.
The village is located in a remote area, about 24 kilometers away from the city, the village residents more than 200 households, because of economic, transportation and physical limitations, to many middle-aged and elderly patients to go out to see a doctor inconvenience.
The free consultation project is more comprehensive, internal medicine, surgery, respiratory, psychiatry, dermatology, paediatrics.
Many villagers heard that experts from the free clinic were coming and had been waiting in the village's small square early on.
Dame Xue, 67, suffers from congenital scoliosis and has been suffering from asthma in recent years, leaving her breathless and breathless even walking up the slope.
Doctor told xue auntie, chronic bronchitis wants to cure the possibility of fundamental is not big, usually insist on medication can be alleviated.
At the dermatologist's office, a man in his 60s came to the consultation with her baby grandson.
The old man's young grandson, aged 11, has been suffering from "beriberi" in his left foot since the child was three years old.
Doctors checked it out and told the elderly that it was not "beriberi" but seasonal eczema and never delay treatment with random medication.
"In this village we provide medical treatment and B ultrasound services, while another team of free medical services in Qiu Jiadian Village, Hubu Township, Wulian County, also provides free medical examination services.
The free clinic is just one part of the 'Healthy China Tour' and other activities will follow in the days to come.
51Talk worry-free English is considered a milestone in building an online education industry ecosystem.
CEO Huang Jiajia says bringing the world's best learning resources to children in China is their strategy for the next five years.
It is understood that "51Talk's greatest strength lies in being able to meet the needs of users of different age groups.
Zhang Liming, chief operating officer, said that by connecting the world's top quality foreign teachers and services to their students, parents would no longer have to worry about spending precious time picking up and dropping off their children.
Central bank extends five-year license for payment business to 27 non-bank institutions, including PayPal
In order to consolidate business resources, bring into play economies of scale and improve the efficiency of supervision, this renewal will adjust the business scope of the payment institutions that are planning to consolidate the Payment Business License.
The consolidated payment institution shall complete the payment business undertaking within 6 months from the date of the announcement.
The People's Bank of China will handle the cancellation and replacement of the relevant Payment Business License after the completion of the business undertaking work.
Due to serious business irregularities, business stagnation and shrinkage of some payment institutions or active application for termination of business types, the current renewal and adjustment of its business scope.
The relevant institutions shall, within 6 months from the date of the announcement, stop carrying out the relevant payment business in an orderly manner according to the requirements.
The People's Bank of China will continue to carry out the renewal of the Payment Business License in accordance with the law and prudently.
No casualties caused by successive earthquakes of magnitude 4.4 and 4.5 in Nima County, Tibet
According to the local civil affairs department reported that there were no casualties, the specific disaster is being further statistical verification.
City Disabled Association vice president Yu Bo attended the event and made an important speech.
Attending the leadership jointly for the second batch of "love the original mountain" Lei Feng private car team licensing.
Over the past 20 years, the "love of the original mountain" with practical action to write the great love of the world, the original mountain forest farm has taken over, in charge of the five institutions in difficulty, direct placement of workers nearly a thousand times.
In the face of every major disaster, the original mountain people have spontaneously organized donations to the community to lend a helping hand.
Sun Jianbo, who was nominated for the National Moral Model Award and former party secretary of the Mountain Forest Yard, said the Lei Feng spirit inherits the truth, goodness and beauty of the times and is a long-term undertaking that conforms to the socialist value system.
After the ceremony, the participants visited the Shandong Yuanshan Pioneer Memorial Hall and experienced the construction of barrier-free facilities.
The Mayor of Rivas, Wilfredo López, said at the teacher training site that the Nicaraguan government agencies were working together with the HKND Group to promote environmental management plans and tree planting activities.
The HKND Group, as the developer of the canal project, has always followed international best practices and built the canal in accordance with international standards in order to maximize the protection of Nicaragua's ecological environment. "
Through a combination of theory and practice, university students lead primary and secondary school students to plant trees together to educate the next generation of Nicaraguan how to green the environment.
Francisco Reyes, a professor in the Department of Natural Resources and the Environment at the National Agricultural University of Nicaragua, led the team throughout the project.
"We have reason to believe that the Grand Canal project, also led by the HCND Group, will bring more benefits to the Nicaraguan people and create more jobs there," he said.
In order to ensure the long-term effects of afforestation, the HKND Group has also produced a training booklet on afforestation, which has been distributed to all 15,000 primary and secondary school students in Rivas province, with the aim of providing long-term technical guidance to teachers, students and parents.
Recently, the 10th China International Folk Art Festival, sponsored by the China Federation of Literary and Art Circles and the Qinghai Provincial Government, opened in Xining, Qinghai Province.
More than 300 artists from 13 countries and regions from five continents gathered together to present a splendid performance with international and national characteristics.
The country's inflation rate in the first seven months of this year was 3.7 percent, Tajikistan's Avesta news agency said on Monday, citing the central bank.
The country's inflation rate was 3.7 percent in the first seven months of the year, with an inflation rate of 0.6 percent in July, compared with 6 percent in the past year, the report said.
The government aims to keep annual inflation at 7.5 percent in 2016, compared with 5.1 percent in 2015, the report said.
Also, the report points out that there are some discrepancies between the forecasts of the government and some of the major international financial institutions when it comes to economic development and inflation in the country in 2016.
The country's economy will grow by 7 per cent in 2016, according to forecasts from the country's Ministry of Trade and Economic Development, while the country's inflation is also largely above that level.
The Asian Development Bank, the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund have given different forecasts for the country's economic development and inflation in 2016.
For both indicators, the projections are 4.2 per cent and 7 per cent for the Asian Development Bank, 4.8 per cent and 7.5 per cent for the World Bank and 3.4 per cent and 8.2 per cent for the International Monetary Fund.
Despite a series of adverse external factors, including the international economic downturn, the depreciation of the Russian rouble and the decline in remittances, the country's economy grew by 6% in 2015.
"It was so urgent," said Huang Yilin, who returned to her home in Mianyang, Sichuan province, in a telephone interview on August 11. "My only thought was to save people!"
Eileen Huang is a 2015 student at the School of Landscape Architecture, Central South China University of Science and Technology.
Huang Yilin, who studies urban and rural planning, wanted to visit Langzhong in Sichuan to learn about local architectural design, so the family went on a trip.
On August 8, around 10 o'clock in the morning, Huang Yilin's father rested in the hotel, the mother and daughter came out to prepare to stroll the Langzhong ancient city.
Just go not far away, suddenly see a group of people shouting, out of curiosity and then stepped forward.
Seeing the "little boy has disappeared, the little girl in the water desperately flutter, the river only revealed her little head, from time to time to sink," a child learned to swim Huang Yilin hurriedly jumped down to save people.
After entering the water, the 165cm Huang Yilin found that she could not walk to the end of the road!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Seemingly calm before the surface of the water, but underneath the torrent!
But she was still desperate to swim to the little girl.
Huang said the river was muddy and fast-flowing, less than five meters away and it took almost all her strength.
She pushed the little girl as hard as she could to the bank of the river. "The slope was so slippery that I was afraid I wouldn't have the strength to go down."
So Huang Yilin asked for help from her mother, heard her daughter's cry for help, and Ms. Yin, who was not in good water, prepared to go into the water to rescue her, and was stopped by the tourists next to her.
August 10, Huang Yilin jumped into the river to save people after the news spread, Ms. Yin received a lot of friends and family condolences, praise, but also by many friends and family "accountability."
"In retrospect it was really scary! To tell you the truth, my heart broke when the child could hardly hold out on the riverbank and asked for my help."
Ms. Yin said with fright that even though it was dangerous, she would still support her daughter's choice if she was in a scene like that again, and she was proud of her daughter!
Being forced, Huang rarely volunteered to go back into the water after learning to swim, "not expecting the skill to really come in handy."
According to Huang Yilin's class monitor Chen Yilin, Huang Yilin is recognized as a "school bully" in the class, and is willing to help others.
The opening ceremony of the first Youth Games in Yunnan Province on the 13th played the national brand to display the youthful vitality
Yunnan Province's first Youth Games will be held from August 13 to August 22 in Mangshi, Dehong Prefecture.
On August 12, in Mangshi, Dehong Prefecture, the organizing committee held a press conference to introduce the organization of the competition and the preparations for the opening ceremony.
The first Youth Games in Yunnan Province will be hosted by the Yunnan Provincial Sports Bureau and sponsored by the Mang Municipal People's Government. The opening ceremony of the Games will be held on the morning of the 13th.
The competition has 11 sports, including athletics, football, basketball, tennis, volleyball, weightlifting, cycling, wrestling, gymnastics and martial arts.
At present, all the preparatory work has been put in place around the principle of "government-led, market operation and thrift-saving competition," said Chang Lin, deputy director of the organizing committee of the first Youth Games in Yunnan Province and deputy director of the Provincial Sports Bureau.
Dehong state old sports association weightlifting hall and martial arts hall, Mangshi a small wrestling hall, silver pagoda scenic mountain bike track repair work has been completed.
In terms of event security, the General Assembly has now recruited 580 volunteers who will provide enthusiastic service to athletes and spectators at various venues during the competition.
At the same time, 70 medical staff and 11 ambulances were deployed from hospitals in Dehong to form 11 medical teams, which were responsible for the medical care of the competition site and the athletes' accommodation.
When it comes to the opening and closing ceremonies, the ignition ceremony of the current Youth Games combines the traditional sports characteristics of Yunnan's ethnic minorities and will showcase the rich cultural connotations of Yunnan.
At present, in preparation for the opening ceremony of the theatrical performances, a total of 1500 students Dehong Vocational College actors and other professional actors a total of more than 2000 people.
Opening and closing ceremony will be fully integrated into the elements of Yunnan, Dehong characteristics, show Dehong Mangshi regional culture and folk customs characteristics.
The rehearsal for the opening ceremony is now over and there will be an official performance tomorrow morning.
The opening ceremony of the Youth Olympic Games was on a larger scale than ever before.
From 1 September, older people aged 60 to 64 will be able to ride city buses at half the price.
On Monday morning, the IC card sales center of Jining city bus company, several old people in front of the card window are queuing up to get the card, 62-year-old Master Yao got the old age half-price card.
Earlier, the Jining Municipal Committee for the Elderly, the Municipal Finance Bureau and the Municipal Transport Bureau issued a "notice on the 60-64 year-old half-price bus ride in urban areas," the preferential policy officially implemented from September 1 this year.
"Eligible senior citizens, with the second generation ID card to the IC sales center can be processed; foreign accounts in line with the age of the elderly also enjoy this discount."
Liu Xia, deputy director of the computer center of the Jining city bus company, said more than 200 half-price cards for the elderly had been issued since the process began on August 1.
At present, there are two kinds of senior citizen cards, one is the senior citizen free card and the other is the senior citizen half-price card.
"In order to facilitate the elderly, the system has been upgraded, the elderly free card from the original review twice a year reduced to one, the elderly cardholders do not have to run two trips."
The SFC said today that there is close cooperation between the securities regulators of the two places, as well as between the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, according to the SFC's official Weibo account.
At the same time, the CSRC has set up a special working group on the Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect to actively promote the preparations for the Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect, which will be launched this year when the relevant regulatory rules and technical equipment are in place.
Mass fraud message reached a certain number, even if the fraud did not succeed, can also be punished for fraud.
The Wolong District People's Court of Nanyang City, Henan Province, heard and ascertained that from September 30 to October 4, 2015, the defendant, Li Huiwang, had sent fraudulent information using pseudo-base station equipment in Tongbai County and Nanyang City District, respectively.
In the same year, at about 10: 00 on October 5, the defendant was again caught by the public security police when he came to a hotel room in Wolong District, Nanyang City, using a pseudo-base station to send a group of fraudulent text messages.
The pseudo-base station device was assessed to have sent 622,228 text messages on October 4, 2015, causing 62,228 mobile phone users to have their communications interrupted for more than eight seconds to less than 10 minutes per person.
The court heard that the defendant, Li Huiwang, had used a fake base station to send a total of 62,228 fraudulent text messages to an unspecified majority, and that his actions had constituted a crime of fraud.
As for the defense's suggestion that the defendant committed an attempted crime when he was caught and did not cause any consequences, he has a better attitude of confessing his crime, and it is suggested that his suggestion of a lighter punishment should be adopted.
The defendant was sentenced to four years and six months' imprisonment and a fine of $10,000 for the crime of fraud, taking into account the nature of the crime and his attitude toward the admission of guilt.
The Siberian tiger, currently listed as an endangered (EN) species on the IUCN Red List of Endangered Species.
According to the Forestry Department of Jilin Province, data from joint monitoring by China, the United States, Russia and other countries in 1998 showed that there were only four to six wild Siberian tigers and three to five northeastern leopards in Jilin Province.
According to Yu Changchun, director of the protection division of the Jilin Provincial Forestry Department, the population of Siberian tigers and northeastern leopards in China is growing significantly and the distribution area is expanding in recent years as Jilin Province has continuously increased its protection of wild animals.
The latest monitoring data for 2015 showed that 27 wild Siberian tigers and 42 northeastern leopards were detected in Jilin Province alone.
As the world's flagship wildlife conservation species distributed in the Sino-Russian border region, the cooperation between China and Russia is of great significance for the population restoration and reproduction of wild Siberian tigers and leopards.
Jilin Province has previously established a long-term and stable cooperation and exchange mechanism with Russia, according to the forestry department of Jilin Province.
At the 2016 Hunchun Tiger and Leopard Conservation International Forum in China, which ended on November 11, the forestry departments and animal protection organizations of China and Russia once again reached a number of common understandings.
Jilin Provincial Forestry Department said that strengthening cooperation between China and Russia in tiger and leopard conservation is not only a very urgent task facing China's northeast tiger and leopard conservation, but also to maintain the health of the Russian tiger and leopard population.
As a leading cadre of Party members, Sun Fujian lost his ideals and convictions, seriously violated the Party's discipline, and after the 18th National Congress of the Party still does not converge, do not stop, defy the wind and discipline, the nature of which is bad and serious.
After this case, after a number of media reports, became the focus of the case, the social impact is extremely bad.
After the case, Haikou Municipal Public Security Bureau, the leadership of the criminal police detachment attaches great importance to, immediately organized a detachment of elite police force to take the initiative to launch an investigation.
Police immediately put the suspect on the Internet to pursue, to take a variety of measures deployed, and through contact with the police outside the country to help check the whereabouts of Wang.
Due to the fact that the suspect is a habitual thief and has been dealt with repeatedly by the public security organs, he has a strong ability of counter-detection, coupled with his long-term drug use, drug addiction often occurs during interrogation, and interrogation is very difficult.
Greenlandic sharks, also known as sleeping sharks, are widely distributed in the North Atlantic Ocean around Greenland and Iceland and reach an adult length of 4 to 5 meters.
But they grow extremely slowly, sometimes only about 1cm a year, suggesting that Greenland sharks may have an extraordinarily long life.
Traditional dating methods typically use calcified tissue from animals, and some sharks may use fins, but this calcified tissue is rare in Greenland sharks.
The new study, led by Julius Nielsen of the University of Copenhagen in Denmark, turned to radiocarbon dating using the eye lens of the Greenland shark.
The method has previously been used to determine the age of whales, but it is the first time it has been used to determine the age of fish such as sharks.
Their analysis showed that the largest shark had an estimated lifespan of 392 years, with a margin of error of 120 years.
This means that the shark is at least 272 years old and is likely to reach a maximum of 512 years old.
In addition, female Greenland sharks reportedly do not reach sexual maturity until they are about 4 metres in length, which translates into an age of at least 156 years.
As a result, the researchers wrote in their paper, the Greenland shark is the longest-living vertebrate known on Earth, surpassing the previous long-lived champion right whale (211 years old).
Over the past year, the results of the exchange rate reform have been remarkable, and the RMB exchange rate has remained basically stable. At the same time, it has laid a foundation for promoting the internationalization of the renminbi.
From the market performance point of view, over the past year, the two-way floating characteristics of the RMB exchange rate is obvious, the exchange rate flexibility increased, the exchange rate is expected to be generally stable.
Since the reform of the exchange rate, the RMB against the United States dollar more than 100 points up and down fluctuations frequently occur, but the process of rising and falling alternately.
The last change before the August 11, 2005, was a significant appreciation of the renminbi against the dollar over the past decade.
Since the implementation of the new exchange rate reform, the renminbi has changed its previous state of appreciation, with the midpoint value of the renminbi depreciating by about 8 per cent over the course of a year.
On October 1, the International Monetary Fund will officially accept the renminbi as a SDR (Special Drawing Rights) weighted currency.
This week, statistics released by China's General Administration of Customs showed that China's imports and exports totaled 13.21 trillion yuan in the first seven months of this year, down 3 percent from the same period last year.
In the same month in July, the value of China's imports and exports fell by only 0.9 per cent year-on-year, particularly as exports grew by 2.9 per cent year-on-year.
Experts believe that despite signs of stabilization in exports and imports in July, expectations should not be too high.
In July, the total value of China's imports and exports was 2.09 trillion yuan, down 0.9 percent year-on-year.
Of this total, exports amounted to 1.22 trillion yuan, an increase of 2.9 per cent; imports amounted to 873 billion yuan, a decrease of 5.7 per cent; and the trade surplus amounted to 342.8 billion yuan, an increase of 34 per cent.
Although the total value of imports and exports still fell year-on-year, the export figures showed an increase, marking the fifth consecutive monthly increase in exports since March this year.
Shanghai police have arrested more than 3,400 thieves in four months and cracked down on 157 "robbery and deception" gangs
While investigating the case, police also recovered more than 33 million yuan in stolen money and property.
According to the statement of the members of the theft gang, they entered Shanghai from other parts of the country by taking a black car in a package, then alighted and committed the crime separately, and then joined their cars and left Shanghai together several hours later.
Crime in the course of the suspect is often a building as a unit, the use of external climbing, breaking the security fences from the top to the bottom of the "sweeping" theft.
A few days ago, the suspect in the case has been transferred by the Xuhui Public Security Bureau to the Xuhui District Prosecutor's Office for examination and prosecution.
Police remind the general public that they must lock their doors and windows when they go out. For the choice of anti-theft windows, members of the public are advised to choose steel with stronger materials.
In late August, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will travel to Kenya to attend the sixth African Development Conference, according to the Voice of China's Newsnight Summit.
The Conference on African Development, led by Japan, will also be the first to move to Africa, as all five previous meetings have been held in Tokyo or Yokohama, Japan.
In this regard, Japanese Foreign Ministry officials said that local meetings in Africa to help draw the attention of African and European countries to Japan.
To coincide with Abe's trip, the Liberal Democratic Party of Japan will send parliamentary groups to relevant countries, according to Kyodo news agency.
It is no coincidence that Japan's path to "business as usual" began in the early 1990s, while the African Development Conference, initiated by Japan, also began in 1993!
With 53 seats in the United Nations, Africa is an important vote holder of the United Nations. How can Japan abandon Africa if it wants to become a permanent member of the United Nations?
It will also exchange views with relevant people from various countries on the extremist group Islamic State and the response to terrorist activities.
The "Western Group" will visit Sierra Leone, Liberia, Guinea-Bissau and seven other countries.
Japanese Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida recently stated his intention on the African Development Conference at the United Nations Security Council.
Abe announced here that he would provide 100 billion yen (6.1 billion yuan) in aid over five years for the sake of stability in sub-Saharan African countries.
Observers generally agree that Japan's generosity toward Africa has always had two main purposes: to increase Japan's sense of presence in Africa; and to try to win support from African countries on the issue of membership.
"Politically, Africa is relatively underdeveloped, but it has a large number of countries, so Japan has always regarded it as the so-called 'big vote field,'" said Yang Bojiang, an expert on Japan.
Japan will not give up in the future, and its work on Africa will not stop there, and it will continue to be strengthened.
On the economic front, because Japan's production capacity is relatively strong, but the domestic market is relatively limited, especially in the context of the aging of children, domestic demand is relatively low.
However, from Junichiro Koizumi 10 years ago to Abe 10 years later, Japan has repeatedly launched the "sprint" of joining the club, but all have failed.
According to Yang Bojiang, an expert on Japan, Japan's intention to join the WTO is clear at a glance, but the road to becoming a permanent member is bound to be very difficult.
To achieve its goal, Japan must first establish good relations with its neighboring countries, in which it needs to have a correct attitude, whether in geopolitical rivalries or in ethnic disputes and issues of historical understanding.
Haikou Maritime Court opened a case in the early hours of the morning to ensure the rights and interests of the parties involved in the sinking of a fishing boat
The relatives of the three deceased crew members rushed to the Haikou Maritime Court at 4 a.m. on 7 August to file an application for the seizure of the suspected hit-and-run cargo ship for property preservation before prosecution.
4 after the incident, the suspected hit-and-run cargo ship was detained by the Maritime Administration in Haikou Xiuying Port to assist in the investigation.
In view of the expiration of the 72-hour detention period of the Maritime Administration at 9 a.m. on 7 August, relatives of the victims filed an application for property preservation with the court in the early hours of 7 August.
At 4: 20 a.m., the applicant filed an application for pre-indictment property preservation and was patiently received by the judicial police on duty.
The forum was presided over by Professor Cao Xianqiang, Executive Vice President of the School of Politics and Public Administration of Shandong University.
What challenges does the globalization and integration of the world economy bring to the ability to govern?
How does national governance adapt to a changing world?
At that time, van der Sar will be a comprehensive analysis of these issues.
He is the Associate Director and Secretary General of the Center for Global Governance Studies of Peking University and former Director of the Beijing Office of Cornell University.
The current research focuses on the profound changes in global politics, economy, science and technology, culture and religion, and the opportunities and challenges that these changes bring to national governance, leadership and global governance.
Traditional customs introduce new bright spot "2016 Ullambana Cultural Festival" Hong Kong Victoria Park opening
Gongs and drums music, traditional snacks, fancy decorations, the crowd surging scene.
Organised by the Federation of Teochew Societies in Hong Kong, the "2016 Python Cultural Festival" is held at Victoria Park from 12 to 14 July.
In addition to the continuation of the existing "solitary race", but also added the whole family can participate in the "parent-child basin for the Stack."
Not only in the form of comics to introduce the culture and history of pyelan, the scene also has the theme of pyelan 3D selfie area, traditional snack area and traditional crafts mobile classrooms, etc., attracting many children and overseas visitors to experience the visit.
A couple from France spent nearly three hours at the event and had an experience in the mini floats mobile classroom.
"I found out about this special holiday on the Internet, so I decided to come and have a look.
They said that while there were similar festivals in France to honour their ancestors, the atmosphere was heavy, unlike here, where there was music, food and learning traditional crafts.
"In such a busy financial metropolis as Hong Kong," she said, "you can still see such a large-scale, organized ceremony of ancestor worship."
"This not only reflects the diversity of Chinese culture, but also allows more people to understand these traditional crafts and pass them on."
"We don't want to make it too scary for people to approach, especially children," said Hu Yansong, the event's general manager.
"We hope to let young people know that filial piety and gratitude are behind the culture of the festival," he said.
He also said that this time a total of 24 teams to participate in the "orphan race," which not only organizations, but also in cooperation with a number of schools to allow students to participate.
It is understood that the Tidal Orchid Society of Hong Kong has been included in the "National Intangible Cultural Heritage List" in 2011.
On Monday night, China's National Peking Opera Theater traveled thousands of miles to Mexico City with the famous opera "The Legend of the White Snake" to present an original feast of Beijing opera to local people at Mexico's National Palace of Fine Arts.
As a key performance item of the "Year of Cultural Exchange between China and Latin America," from August 9 to 23, the Chinese National Peking Opera performed seven Peking Opera performances in Mexico City, the capital of Mexico, as well as five cities, including Córdoba and Juarez.
The audience followed the plot of "The Story of the White Snake" from beginning to end, the actors singing and playing, sometimes with a smile, sometimes with warm applause.
Marissa Jimenez Cacho, who had watched the Beijing opera 15 years ago, accompanied her daughter through the show.
"It was a brilliant performance, and I was impressed by the music, the lighting and the stage performance... I felt it was necessary for my daughter to learn about Chinese culture and the art of Beijing Opera as well."
The enthusiasm of the Mexican audience left a deep impression on the young actress Fu Jia, who plays the White Lady.
"I didn't expect the Mexican audience to be so enthusiastic. I was a little worried about their ability to understand the story, but today I was surprised to see that they were able to capture the storyline and a lot of laughs."
Qiu Xiaoqi, Chinese ambassador to Mexico, said that the cultural exchange activities of this year's "Sino-Latin American Year of Cultural Exchange" will play a positive role in promoting greater understanding and friendship between the peoples of China and Mexico.
Next year marks the 45th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between China and Mexico, when more cultural exchange events will be held in the two countries.
Liu Cigui went to Sanya to research "Shuangxiu, Shuangcheng" to improve the level of urban construction and management
On the morning of December 12, Liu Cigui presided over a symposium and listened to a report on the progress of the pilot project of "Shuangxiu" and "Shuangcheng" in Sanya City and the opinions and suggestions of various departments concerned.
Liu gave full recognition to the stage results achieved and the good experience and good practices created in the pilot work.
Liu stressed that Sanya should firmly seize the opportunity of historical development, take the pilot project of "double repair" and "twin cities" as an important task, and give full play to the leading role of good demonstration in the province's economic and social development.
It is necessary to play a good leading role in enhancing the internationalization level of the international tourist islands, starting with every little detail, enriching the international elements and creating international boutiques.
We should play a good leading role in the integration of urban and rural areas and global tourism, speed up the construction of towns with distinctive customs, integrate tourism elements into each project, and build every village and town in Sanya into a tourist attraction.
It is necessary to play a good leading role in the "100-day action for social investment in services," promote the construction of a number of major projects and parks, ensure the landing of high-quality projects, and implement the requirements of the major action.
Provincial Party Committee Standing Committee, Sanya Municipal Party Secretary Zhang Qi, Vice Governor Wang Lu, Secretary General of the provincial government Lu Zhiyuan to participate in the investigation and discussion.
During her 14-year career, Deng Yaping has won 18 world championships, becoming the first person in China's Olympic history to win four Olympic gold medals.
She has been ranked number one in the world for eight consecutive years and is the longest-serving female player in the history of table tennis to be ranked number one in the world.
On 26 September 2010, he was appointed Deputy Secretary-General of the People's Daily and General Manager of the People's Search Network Co., Ltd., a leading official.
Recently, she will join hands with Yu Minhong to build the first domestic sports industry innovation and entrepreneurship platform.
In Chinese sports, there is also a group of star coaches who have won numerous honors for their country in their days as athletes, and who, after retiring from the sport, have passed on what they have learned over the years to those who have gone on to win the championship.
As China's first world champion in men's gymnastics, Huang chose to pick up the pointer after retiring.
From the coach of the women's team to the coach of the men's team to the head coach, Huang Yubin built an "Olympic gold team" and led the team to a mythical record of nine gold, one silver and four bronze medals at the Beijing Olympics.
Since then, Tian Liang has been constantly advertising endorsement, but also in recent years played a "Cowherd", "Lei Feng" and other important roles.
A lot of NBA players have proven themselves, but some have improved and others have declined.
Whether it's because of increased age or limited playing time, there are a number of players who have regressed every season.
Of course, some of the "regressions" may simply be data shrinkage, and the strength of these players may not have diminished.
Even though Wade is still one of the best shooting guards in the league, he probably won't do as well with the Bulls as the Heat.
He and Rondo have limited backcourt range and the establishment star Butler is shooting just 32.8 percent from three-point range, making their offense crowded for next season.
Coming to Windy City, the Blitzkrieg is bound to cede more of the ball to Butler and Rondo, and he is likely to choose a regimen to play during the regular season.
Okafor is in an awkward position, having to compete with Simmons and Embiid for playing time and ball rights in the new season as the first choice for the 76ers last season.
The rivalry may not come soon, Simmons will have to adapt to the NBA and Embiid will have to fully recover from the injury as soon as possible, but Okafor's place in the 76ers' lineup remains a question.
Okafor scored 32 percent from the low post offense last season, a higher percentage than Cousins, Vucevic and Brooke Lopez, while his usage rates were also high in the league's top 40.
With Simmons already showing excellent possession forward potential and Embiid in better shape for NBA games, Okafor's position is likely to be hard to get any more secure.
Thompson's usage has stabilized in the league's top 20 over the past two seasons, the best of his career.
The problem, though, is that Thompson's usage is bound to decline with Durant's arrival, and that's bound to affect his play.
The impact will be not only in terms of the number of shots taken, but the Towns' holding offense will certainly be significantly reduced next season, which in some ways will also make it easier for opponents to defend him.
Durant's arrival is sure to shrink the Warriors' player numbers, but it's probably Thompson who has lost the most.
But that doesn't mean that Tommy's level has regressed, it's more like he's made sacrifices for the team as a whole.
Parker did better last season than the numbers suggest, not only because his basketball efficiency was at its highest in his career, but also because his chemistry with Aldridge benefited the Spurs.
Duncan retired, Ginobili announced another year of fighting, and the GDP combination finally came to an end, and as the youngest of the three, the French sports car didn't have much fuel in its tank.
After getting their third championship ring, only Abdul-Jabbar, Jordan and Russell won more regular-season MVPs than James, and Jordan was the only one with more than James.
Oh, and by the way, James has just brought Cleveland its first Pro Sports Championship trophy in the last 52 years.
James, who arrived in his 14th season of his career, needs to be better guaranteed physical strength and ready for the playoffs.
As a result, James' numbers are likely to slide further during the regular season, and he'll share more of the burden with Irving, though he'll still be an easy top-three player in the league.
"Make sure the talent you learn from home is carried forward in Russia."
12 local time, Huang Jing, president of the Moscow Overseas Chinese Federation, said excitedly when he saw a reporter from China News.
Not long ago, she attended a training course on Chinese Talents (Calligraphy, Painting) organized by the Overseas Chinese Affairs Office of the State Council of China and sponsored by Jinan University.
Just attended the training course, their painting and calligraphy do not know where to start, the results at the end of the training course, has been able to draw and write their own work.
When you return to Moscow, you must use the knowledge and skills you have learned to make your own contribution to the dissemination and promotion of Chinese culture.
Nayanwei, secretary-general of the Association for the Promotion of Chinese Culture in Russia, who also attended the course, felt the same way.
She said she had made great progress with the help of her training class teacher, while also feeling the heavy responsibility of being an "overseas communicator of Chinese culture."
After returning to Russia, he said, he will spread and carry forward the traditional Chinese culture among Chinese and Russians who love Chinese culture.
At 19: 35 today, Chongqing Lifan challenged Beijing Guoan in the first match of the 22nd round of the Chinese Super League.
In the 29th minute, Wang Dong opened the scoring with a penalty, and in the 39th minute, new signing Caldecott scored the first goal of the Chinese Super League with an assist from Fernando, and in the 81st minute, Guoan pulled one back.
Ten minutes after the game, the power sails in a row to win a corner, Fernando small angle volley by the national security defensive line off the line.
In the 15th minute, Zhang Ranzhe midfield straight through, Ilmaz has been straight into the penalty area, the individual defense of Liu Yu rushed out to destroy the ball.
A minute later Park Cheng in the left in front of the cross, in the middle of the box Dabao strafing did not kick the right part of the force sails goalkeeper Deng Xiaoping to confiscate the ball.
Fernando right after a pair of two back with a sudden pick in front of the ball, Caldecker before the plug was put down by Leitenglong flying action, the referee awarded a penalty, and to Leitenglong showed yellow card.
Guoan in the 37th minute on the replacement adjustment, ZhangXiaoBin off, ZhangChiming stage anti-Ge old master.
Caldech got rid of the tiebreaker in front of the penalty area, Fernando passed the ball low on the left side of the penalty area and Caldecker pushed the ball down the line to break it.
It was also Caldecott's goal in the opening event of the Chinese Super League, with Lifan leading 2-0.
Fernando had just opened the second half to force a breakthrough to win the right side of the free kick, but unfortunately a small angle to hit high.
After Deng Xiaoping was convicted of delaying time to receive a yellow card, substitute Peng Xinli also received a yellow card for a foul in front of the penalty area.
The 56th minute, Zhang Chiming left inside the cut with Zhang Xizhe transmission coordination, its curveball attack was blocked by Deng Xiaoping.
LiuYu box before the fierce shovel robbery invasion Krimetz, he and emotional WangDong have received yellow cards.
In the 63rd minute, Fernando was knocked over directly by Krimmetz while running on the right, who was so unhappy with Krimmetz's movements that Krimmetz received a yellow card.
A minute later Fernando again in the right to show the running ability, Yu Dabao pursuit foul also received a yellow card.
Ilmaz forced a break in the penalty area line, Zheng Yourong extended his legs to intercept the action under the fall, the referee decided that the penalty, Ilmaz knife break, Lifan 2: 1 national security.
In the 86th minute, Zhou Ting sent a cross from the right, Sergeyev stopped the ball in the middle of the penalty area after the chest, Deng Xiaoping once again blocked the ball with a brilliant save.
After four minutes of stoppage time, Lifan kept the score 2-1 until the end of the game to win the game on the road.
After taking the precious three points, the sails now have 27 points and are temporarily in 10th place in the table.
Lehmann will then take part in a variety of local fan events as an expert on the Bundesliga's Asian media partners.
In the autumn, German Bundesliga ambassadors Lehmann and Mateus will represent the Bundesliga on a legendary tour of Asia and the Americas, setting the stage for the opening of the Bundesliga for the 2016 / 17 season, according to the report.
The event will span two continents and cover four top cities, where they will be working with fans around the world to prepare for the new season.
The Bundesliga is hailed as one of the top five leagues in Europe (Premier League, La Liga, Serie A, Bundesliga, La Liga) and is the flagship event of the German sports world of the football kingdom.
One of the world's most powerful leagues, the Bundesliga attracted about 13.3 million spectators to the stadium for the 2014-2015 season alone.
Representatives of the Bundesliga giants Bayern Munich, Borussia Dortmund and famous stars Thomas Müller, the Rams, Götze and so on are household names in China.
In line with the Bundesliga's previous Weibo, Youku and WeChat Chinese platforms, the Bundesliga side is looking to provide Chinese fans with wider and timely and convenient access to the latest news from the league.
Great Britain won the silver medal in the sevens rugby match and Fiji won the gold medal
The British team failed to extend their previous outstanding performance in front of Fiji in Thursday night's sevens rugby final, which was beaten 43-7 by Fiji at Riyotiodoro Stadium.
Fiji won gold with an unassailable performance in possession, steals, avoidance, coordination, running and strength, the country's first ever Olympic medal.
The silver medal was also a small consolation to the defeated British team, which won its third silver medal of the day, a feat that was enough to make the British rugby team proud: they beat New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa all the way to their first rugby sevens tournament at the Olympics.
Earlier in the day, the British team narrowly beat South Africa 7-5, which may have affected their form in the final.
But in any case, the current Fijian team is good enough to beat a spirited 15-a-side team.
Tomorrow, at least one Briton will wear a gold medal, which may or may not be a consolation to the British team, namely Wimbledon's Fiji coach Ben Ryan, who was head coach of the British team.
It wasn't easy for the British team to get where they are today.
Eight years ago, under Ryan's tutelage, they were undefeated at the Adelaide International Sevens Rugby Tournament.
And now, they're just one step away from the title.
While they have been hit hard, they have made remarkable progress.
Fiji dominated the opening session, leaving the British team defenceless.
For Tom Mitchell and his teammates, it was like crashing into a string of moving buss.By the time Ossie Colliniseau slammed into the corner flag zone, the World Series champions were well ahead 5-0.
Just four minutes into the game, Jerry Toowey scored another touchdown on the right wing.
At 12-0, the British team had barely touched the ball.
Mitchell's powerful interception kept the Giants' Lyon Nakalava from scoring a third time, but that only slowed Fiji's scoring.
Yassa Willemaru touched down in the right corner on seven minutes. 17-0, to add insult to injury for the British team.
Carrava scored another point with one minute left in the first half of the match.
Then Watmore LaVovo broke through the English defence and went straight to the scoring line.
By halftime, the score was already 29-0.
The Fijians seem to have been born to play rugby sevens, while the British team is still in its infancy.
That's the way it is.
Great Britain made a huge change in the second half and stormed the Fijians' defence for a full four minutes, which was fine in the first half, but then the Fijian team played well and scored again with Joshua Tuesova.
Dan Norton created a scoring opportunity for the British team by touching the ground in the left corner and changing the score to 36-7, but the game was already in the hands of the South China Sea island nation, whose fans were singing loudly, waving flags and singing and dancing on the platform.
The wonderful performance of the Fiji team had to be applauded.
Mata William stopped an indifferent Fiji attack in the final minute.
The final whistle sounded, the Fijians hugged each other, while the defeated British team could only regret leaving the game.
Earlier in the day, Fiji beat Japan 20-5 in the semifinals, while Britain edged South Africa in a close semi-final clash.
Kyle Brown helped South Africa take the lead in the first half, but Dan Norton scored in the second half with excellent footwork.
After that, England's Anthony's brother Marcus Watson secured the team's victory with a brilliant interception that ended with the British team winning the silver medal.
Helen Graf and Heather Stanning were inspired by their cancer-stricken coach to win rowing gold
It's no exaggeration to say that this is the most moving piece of gold medal.
Helen Graff and Heather Stanning have trained 220 times since their first paddle, and the gold medal they won at Estacio da Lagoa is even more remarkable.
Although they were the only two to paddle, the voice of one other person on board - coach Robin Williams - had been with them as they hit their second straight Olympic gold medal in the women's double sculls, the first British combination of rowing women to reach that height.
They have maintained an unbeaten record of 39 matches and have an absolute advantage.
What we're seeing is these two talented athletes moving gracefully on the water, but that's not the whole story of this victory.
There are many volunteers behind every rowing gold medal, and it is their constant dedication that makes a difference, and none more so than a coach who learned 30 months ago that he had cancer and didn't know if he would live to see the day.
As he said, death could come at any moment.
I had bladder cancer and they operated on me.
Without surgery, the cancer will spread throughout the body.
That way, the situation would be much worse.
This will change your mind a little bit.
Williams was diagnosed with cancer in December 2013.
Fortunately, he began treatment in early 2014 to minimize the impact, although that might not be appropriate in the circumstances.
I need to get paid, so I've got to get better soon.
It was an inspiration for me.
I was in the hospital, and although they said a few steps would be enough, I walked around the ward 20 feet, 30 feet, 50 feet at a time.
This is where it all started.
Rowing is a journey in itself, and that makes the journey a little bit longer.
The first thing on their minds at the moment they won gold was Williams, who was slightly more talkative than usual this morning in an attempt to overcome his anxiety.
"I'm in a bad mood this week, maybe a little extreme, but this gold medal is really something," said Stanning, a former captain of the Royal Artillery Regiment, who will travel to Afghanistan.
It told me over and over again how much it meant to me and how hard I, Helen and Robin worked.
It's a reward for three years of hard work by Helen, Robin and me.
Without Robin, we're still just nobody, thank you very much, he's the best coach in the world.
I couldn't have found better trainers and coaches than him.
Helen Graff and Heather Stanning were unbeaten in five years.
The pair set penalties that their opponents could not match.
Even in the final 500 metres, when New Zealand and Denmark began closing in, Stanning and Graf still had plenty of physical reserves.
It was really scary at the time.
Helen called: "Keep up the pace, keep up the pace."
It's really important not to be influenced by your opponents.
We're off to a great start and we're not looking forward to doing anything earth-shattering.
We didn't think about the glory today, we just wanted to paddle every paddle and win this race, and we did.
It took the pair a year to decide their future.
Graff will marry TV adventurer Steve Bachchard next month.
Now, though, she just wants to enjoy the moment.
I don't want to say this is my last game.
It would put too much pressure on me.
In London, it took me about six months to realise I was an Olympic champion.
It was a completely new experience, and I felt very nervous.
About four minutes have passed.
"I'm feeling much better," she said.
A sneak peek at the stunning architecture of the Los Angeles Central Library
The Southern California chapter of the American Society of Architectural Historians and the authors of a new book, "Los Angeles Central Museum: Its Art and Architectural History," Arnold Schwartzman and Steven Gee, hosted a salon at which viewers learned more about the history of the Central Library in the city center.
Guy and Swartzman will discuss and share the design of Bertram Goodsey in 1926 and the restoration and expansion of the Hardy Holzman Favre office in 1933.
The salon will be held from 2 to 4 p.m. on 21 August at Salle Modern, Art Deco Southern School of Law (formerly Bullocks Wilshire), 3050 Wilshire Blvd.
Participants can visit the Central Lobby, the Times Room, the Cactus Lounge and the Tea Room.
Advance reservations are required; SAHSCC members: $15; non-members: $25.
DTLA's open-plan factory loft has undergone a comfortable makeover.
Celebrating the 90th anniversary of the Los Angeles Central Library and the release of new books
Bulgaria's inflation for first time in eight months
National statistics show that the monthly inflation rate in Bulgaria was 1 per cent in July.
This is the highest rate of inflation in several years (since June 2012), which broke above zero for the first time since October last year (0.2 per cent).
The average annual inflation rate (as measured by the consumer price index) over the past 12 months (August 2014 to July 2015) was -0.8% compared to the previous 12 months (August 2014 to July 2015).
The consumer price index for July 2016 was 101.0 per cent compared to June 2016, representing a monthly inflation rate of 1.0 per cent.
The inflation rate so far this year (July 2016 compared to December 2015) is -0.2%, compared to July 2015, when the annual rate was -0.2%.
Prices of the following categories of consumer goods increased in July 2016 compared to the previous month: food and non-alcoholic beverages (1.7 per cent), transport (1.8 per cent), entertainment and culture (6.3 per cent), restaurants and hotels (1.2 per cent) and other goods and services (0.3 per cent).
Declining prices were recorded for clothing and footwear (2.2 per cent), furniture, appliances and routine maintenance (0.5 per cent) and medical care (0.1 per cent).
At the same price as last month were alcoholic drinks and tobacco, housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels, communications, education.
Snapchat's' anime 'effect accused of being sarcastic about Asians
Snapchat said the filter was inspired by anime, but some observers thought it had racial overtones.
Snapchat's 150 million everyday users can use its filter tools to change reality and make people look ridiculous.
You can turn yourself into a pineapple, a dog or a character in a Roy Lichtenstein painting.
These lenses have the effect of passivating, bending features, producing more than 30 million retouched selfies every day.
Any mistakes will be noticed by the public immediately.
Snapchat lenses have been criticized, and the app has been accused of encouraging the play of black people or the beauty of white skin.
So when the app this week offered some users a filter that could create squint, grotesque teeth and pink face effects, some critics called it a racial satire on Asia's "yellow race."
They even wonder whether these recurring problems mean the company has bigger problems with diversity.
Wednesday's report by The Verge and Motherboard sparked outrage after Snapchat said it had removed the feature.
The company's explanation: The filter is a tribute to the anime characters, not a satire of Asians.
But for observers who have experienced racism, the filter reminds them of the damaging stereotypes of reality.
Others are also adamantly opposed to these animated images.
A Korean-American art student, who tweeted about the photos and was widely shared, said in an email that the filters were "at least uncomfortable and uncomfortable."
"It's hard to tell the difference between an extremely disgusting Asian satirical image and the effect of the filter," she added.
While it's not just the yellow in the filter, the yellow is extremely devalued.
Snapchat isn't the only company that has touched the bottom line of these cultures.
From corporate boards to Hollywood and the devices we carry, American culture seems to have been promoting diversity and inclusion.
Snapchat's large group of young people can be sensitive because they are more ethnically diverse than older generations.
When one of Snapchat's filters produced an insulting image for users, Zhu Katie, 25, said in an interview on Thursday: "It's harder than ever to escape the spotlight."
On Thursday, Ms. Zhu, a product manager and engineer at Medium, decided to delete her Snapchat account and encourage others to do the same.
In an article for Medium and a telephone interview, she said she believes the racial controversy reflects Snapchat's lack of racial diversity in the hiring process.
Ms. Chu criticized the company's mostly white employees, its all-male leadership, and added a tag at the end of the article: # DeleteSnapchat.
"Either they don't have people of all colors on their staff to make that decision, or they have people of color on their staff, but their position doesn't allow them to speak out," says Ms. Zhu, a Chinese-American.
Other observers shared complaints that she had not received a response from Snapchat.
The company does not release data on employee diversity and says it is a private company.
On Thursday, Snapchat declined to discuss the racial background of its employees, but a spokesman said the company recently hired a recruiter to focus exclusively on the underrepresented internally and to promote internal inclusiveness.
Ms Zhu said she would close her Snapchat account: "I wonder if they need more users like us who are against this."
Congressional panel says military officials distorted ISIS intelligence
In a report released Thursday, a congressional panel noted that officials at U.S. Central Command changed intelligence reports to describe the war against ISIS in Iraq and Syria as more optimistic than it actually was.
The interim report, from a special working group formed by the Republican chairmen of the House Armed Services Committee, the Intelligence Committee and the House Appropriations Committee's defense subcommittee, said there was "widespread dissatisfaction" among Central Command intelligence analysts who said their superiors were tampering with their assessment of the US war against Islamic State.
Central Command (Centcom) in Tampa, Florida, is the military headquarters that oversees U.S. military operations in the Middle East and Central Asia.
According to a news release on the report, "Intelligence vetted by senior leadership at Central Command presents a more optimistic picture of U.S. counterterrorism operations than is actually the case, and is consistently more optimistic than other intelligence agencies' analysis."
"The actions of Central Command are unacceptable," said a Republican representative in California. "On the one hand, our fighters are suffering from the war, and on the other hand, senior policymakers are receiving the wrong analysis."
The question of the leadership of the Central Command has extended to the highest levels of the institution.
The report detailed long-standing problems at Central Command in 2014 and 2015 in describing and analyzing U.S. training of Iraqi forces.
While there is no conclusive evidence that senior officials in the Obama administration ordered changes to the reports, the analysts, according to their descriptions, felt pressured by central command leaders to express more optimistic views about the threat from Islamic State (ISIS or ISIL).
"In the first half of 2015, many of the Central Command press releases, statements and congressional testimony were much more optimistic than they actually were," the report said.
For example, a Central Command official has publicly stated that a major military operation to retake Mosul could take place as early as April or May 2015.
Mosul, Iraq's second-largest city, is still under IS control.
"After months of investigation, the results have been very clear," Mike Pompeo, a Kansas Republican representative, said in a statement.
From mid-2014 to mid-2015, most of the top intelligence officials at U.S. Central Command manipulated the command's intelligence products, hiding the threat from ISIS in Iraq.
The Republican Party set up a task force after learning from analysts that intelligence about ISIS was being manipulated.
More findings will follow this report, released on Thursday, as the investigation continues.
The Attorney General of the Ministry of Defence has also conducted a lengthy investigation into the Central Command.
Democratic members of the House Intelligence Committee released their findings on Thursday, in line with some of the conclusions of the Republican Task Force.
"Between 2014 and 2015, Central Command developed an overly narrow process for intelligence assessments of Islamic State and Iraqi peacekeeping forces," Xie Anda, a representative of the committee's Democratic leadership, said in a statement.
Mr Sheanda said the process "interfered with the release of intelligence", demoralised analysts and "could not accept different opinions."
But Mr. Sheanda and the Democrats also said they had found no evidence that the White House was trying to put pressure on analysts at Central Command, so that their conclusions were consistent with "preconceived or political narratives."
The Beast Daily News reported the preliminary results of the congressional investigation on Tuesday.
Last August, the New York Times reported that the Pentagon Attorney General opened an investigation after receiving complaints from analysts at Central Command.
Pentagon spokesman Navy Major Patrick Evans said in a statement that the Defense Department would not comment on the congressional report until the attorney general's investigation is complete.
But he said: "Experts sometimes disagree on the interpretation of complex data, while intelligence agencies and the Department of Defense encourage healthy dialogue on these important national security themes."
The impact of this investigation has outweighed the question of whether the U.S.-led bombing campaign in Iraq and Syria has succeeded, as more and more Defense Department officials claim.
But last year, the claims raised questions about the extent to which President Obama could trust the assessments of military operations in Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya and other crisis areas issued by Central Command.
Criticism of ISIS intelligence is reminiscent of the controversy more than a decade ago, when Central Command intelligence analyst Gregory Hooker wrote a research article stating that George Bush's administration, despite the objections of many analysts, insisted on sending small forces to Iraq and gave little thought to the aftermath of the 2003 invasion.
Mr. Hooker played a key role in the campaign against Islamic State intelligence.
Last year, officials said Mr. Hooker's team came to the conclusion that airstrikes targeting Islamic State refineries had not significantly cut the economic revenue of the terrorist group, which has built temporary refineries to continue selling oil on the black market, a far cry from the published statement.
Central Command did not release the findings to the public, according to a September report in Time magazine.
Central Command Commander Lloyd Austin III came under fire last year after several lawyers reviewed Senate testimony about an overly optimistic assessment of the war.
General Austin retired in April and is currently being replaced by Joseph Votel in his position at Central Command.
The United States won four straight in women's hockey and will go head-to-head with Great Britain
Katie Bam, who scored three points in the 6-1 win over Japan, led the U.S. women's hockey team in a 3-0 victory over India on Thursday.
Five goals in two games is a shock, but the 27-year-old says she didn't know she was doing so well.
"I don't know anything about that," she said.
I'm not the type of person who remembers how many goals I've scored.
What she knows is that the United States has won four straight games at the Olympics and will be competing for first place in the group with the British team that won 2-0 against Japan on Thursday.
Britain and the United States met on Saturday in the final game of the first round.
Both teams advanced to the quarter-finals, a match that will determine who comes in at the top of the group.
The team that finished first in the group will be able to go further by avoiding the mighty Dutch, who came out first in the other group.
The United States performed miraculously on Saturday, finishing bottom of the 12 teams at the London Games four years ago.
Bam was also on that team at the time.
Bam, who grew up in Breubel, Pa., picked up a hockey stick for the first time at age 3 (her twin sister played the sport in Drexel) and joined the national team at the age of 16, becoming the youngest member of the national team to date.
She missed the 2008 Olympics because she failed to make the final list.
In 2012, she and her teammates were viewed unfavorably.
The following year, the Englishman Craig Panham took over as head coach and everything started to change.
"It's a change of culture, mentality and substance," Mr Bam said.
We weren't at our current level in London.
We had a complete turnaround.
On Thursday night, Bam took the lead with a close-range backhand shot in the first half.
India's were unbeaten in the tournament, but the team showed amazing tenacity and held on to a 1-0 run towards the end of the third quarter when Bam exploded.
She took the ball on a long run down the left side of the court, then cut inside to the middle and volleyed into the net, giving the United States a 2-0 lead.
Melissa Gonzalez scored the final goal in the middle of the fourth quarter.
The United States versus goalkeeper Jackie Briggs, who was unbeaten for the first time in the tournament, scored one goal in each of their first three victories.
This time she's out of the ordinary.
Bam, too.
"We're in good shape," Mr Parnham said, but just how good will depend on the outcome of Saturday's game.
Cheap food from the Great Depression in The Great Dinner
In March 1933, Franklin Delano Roosevelt, who had just been elected president, sat down to lunch in the president's office.
As a gourmet, President Roosevelt enjoyed Fifth Avenue delicacies such as foie gras and Maryland stewed fish.
That day, his menu was simple: ketchup devil's eggs, mashed potatoes and preserved fruit pudding for dessert.
"It's about sharing food with people who are suffering," said Jane Siegman.
"It also reflects the way Americans eat and drink," added her husband, Andrew Coe.
The couple, who live in Brooklyn Heights, are both food historians.
Mr. Coe's last book, "Chowder," was about Chinese food in the United States, and Ms. Zigman, in her book "97 Orchard," told the story of the lives of slum dwellers through food.
Their new book, "The Great Dinner," which will be published Tuesday by Harper Press, is about the history of food in the United States during the Great Depression.
After showing some common food insights, they meet a reporter at Eisenberg's Sandwich Shop, a simple lunch counter in the ironing district that has been open since the economic crash of 1929.
Ms. Siegman, 54, ordered a cream cheese with a chopped olive sandwich, while Mr. Coe, 57, ordered a turkey, mashed potatoes and a vegetable platter.
The reporter ordered a meatloaf, which the couple thought was appropriate for discussing the Great Depression diet.
"Bread was very popular at the time," Ms. Sigman said.
There was peanut bread, liver bread and soybean bread.
They are made from a single ingredient and a cheap topping that can be poured over the ingredients.
Imagine your dinner is full of peanuts.
Mr. Coe made a strange appearance.
"They're definitely like lead in your stomach," he said.
In the years before the Great Depression, Americans ate buffets, especially in the suburbs.
A group of women cooked meals for the male farm workers, with freshly baked pies for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
During World War I, it was the Americans who gave food to hungry Europeans. "The Feast" chronicles how the country suddenly ceased to be a land of plenty.
Mr Coe explains why he and his wife wrote the book: "At the time, food had become a major source of irritation for Americans."
Another unpleasant topic is the shabby new food: "Enchanted foods" such as bread and stews have become the main course, and stews are "the best way to cook leftovers," Ms. Siegman said, because chefs can use the butter in sauces to mask the unpalatable ingredients.
Fresh fruit is replaced by cheaper dried fruit.
Meat, which has dominated the American dinner table for years, has become a rare luxury.
Strange hodgepodge is all about calories, and nutrition comes first, rather than taste or even basic culinary knowledge.
In the course of researching the book, including various recipes, Ms. Zigman made a roasted onion stuffed with peanut oil.
"It's not common at the dinner table," Mr. Ko said.
Ms Sigman said: "It's also so weird."
Peanut oil doesn't go well with roasted onions.
This is a feature of many family meals.
Family economists influence the country's eating habits, such as Louis Stanley, who served as the head chef of the Federal Bureau of Family Economics from 1923 to 1943, which is unprecedented in history.
They publish recipes and articles in newspapers and magazines, encouraging women to be "frugal" and brave enough to turn bad food such as creamy pasta with carrots into good food.
"The Big Meal" is a sumptuous "historical treasure."
Of particular interest is the government's response to the hungry, such as President Herbert Hoover's "I can't handle other people's business."
While he has publicly praised the simple Iowa farmhouse of his childhood, his diet is as sophisticated as a millionaire's.
Mr Coe said: "He likes to eat European Western food, such as fish with cucumber sauce."
He was wearing an evening dress and eating in a gilded dining room.
He was clearly separated from the people.
President Roosevelt might have made the same mistake had it not been for his wife, Eleanor, who encouraged him to set an example in his diet.
As the book says, the housekeeper Ms. Roosevelt hired had no interest in taste, so "the food in the White House was not just the worst food in Washington, but the worst cooked."
As soon as the United States returned to normality, many of the ways of cooking during the Great Depression were abandoned.
What's left, says Ms Zigman, is our focus on calories and nutrition and the application of science to cooking.
The couple said that when they wrote the book, they learned more about Ms. Siegman's mother's eating habits, such as how she doesn't throw food away.
"She was very afraid of wasting food," Mr. Ko said.
"She actually made a lot of people sick," Ms. Sigman recalled.
For example, there has been a "cream puff" incident.
After removing the plates, she and Mr. Coe brought out a dessert they had prepared at home: the fruity pudding that President Roosevelt had for lunch.
"It's called crème brulee," Ms. Sigman said, adding that a trendy name for an ordinary dish is "the usual trick."
There is no whipped cream in this dessert, only preserved fruit, a little flour, sugar, water and cinnamon.
Everyone grudgingly plunges the spoon into the sticky brown paste.
Surprisingly, this dessert is not bad.
Mr. Ko took a second and a third spoonful.
Feeling that it was an acceptable and affordable dessert, he told his wife, "It would be more delicious with chopped walnuts."
Unfortunately, OPEC's latest monthly report showed crude oil production continued to increase in July, with Saudi production hitting a new high.
The report does not prevent markets from casting doubt on OPEC's credibility, and the road to recovery in oil prices is likely to remain thorny.
On Monday, Saada, OPEC's rotating president and Qatar's energy minister, said the group would hold an informal meeting on the sidelines of the international energy forum on September 26-28.
OPEC's monthly report, released on Wednesday, showed production across the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries, including Gabon, rose 46,000 bpd to 33.11 million bpd in July.
OPEC also said in its monthly report that the low price of crude oil has prompted refiners around the world to produce more refined oil, adding to the oversupply in the market.
International oil prices closed lower for the second day in a row on the news, along with higher crude oil production expectations in the United States and an unexpected increase in crude oil inventories.
Up to Wednesday's close, light crude for September delivery on the New York Mercantile Exchange was down 2.48 per cent, while Brent crude for October delivery was down 2.07 per cent.
Reuters believes the proposed meeting of oil-producing nations is unlikely to lead to a significant tightening of supply, and data released by the U.S. Energy Information Administration has weighed on sentiment.
Iran is producing up to 3.85 million barrels of crude oil a day, the highest level since 2008, the country's state-run news agency Fars said Wednesday, citing a statement from Iran's oil minister, Tsangane.
Immediately after news of the meeting, Russian Energy Minister Novak said there was no need for a new round of frozen production talks under current oil prices.
The last meeting of oil-producing countries was in April, and OPEC members failed to agree on any measures.
Emma Richards, oil and gas analyst at BMI Research, said markets and the media may have overreacted to the OPEC meeting.
Helima Croft, head of commodities strategy at Royal Bank of Canada, said OPEC had changed sentiment by sending signals that they would facilitate a deal.
This technique is like smoke and mirrors (deliberately giving the wrong impression) to distract people from their vision.
According to Eugen Weinberg, head of commodities research at Commerzbank, the chances of OPEC trying to stabilise the market through the September meeting are thought to be low.
This is likely to further undermine confidence in OPEC, after all, the group staged a "wolf."
All localities should focus on medical institutions that publish medical advertisements in violation of regulations, have concentrated on reporting complaints and have been punished several times in the past.
The National Health and Family Planning Commission and the State Administration of Traditional Chinese Medicine will organize supervision of the development of special supervision and inspection in some provinces in due course.
According to media reports, due to the previous large-scale influx of capital into Internet medicine, resulting in the current serious problem of product homogenization, the investment boom gradually receded, capital into a wait and see period.
According to data from the Centre for Management Research at Ellison Hospital in Hong Kong, a large number of Internet medical companies have died within one year of their establishment, and about 20 per cent of the start-up Internet medical companies have ceased to exist.
However, just as most internet healthcare companies struggle to finance rounds A and B, several segment leaders are still gaining traction.
It seems that the Internet can not be a medical entrepreneurship "swarm", but to look at the market demand, sink down to do special, do deep.
Yuyue made a capital contribution of 12 million yuan, accounting for 40 percent of the registered capital, and Kyushu Tong Instrument Company made a capital contribution of 18 million yuan, accounting for 60 percent of the registered capital.
In recent years, with the state's policy support in medical information, electronic, integrated supply chain management system gradually into all levels of hospitals.
The cooperation between Yuyue and Kyushu Tong is precisely aimed at the needs of the market, helping hospitals to build advanced supply chain management system, and using this as an opportunity to seek more cooperation.
Unlike many internet healthcare companies, iBaby has been focused on the internet obstetrics vertical since its inception, working both as a mother and a doctor.
Pregnant mothers are not only entitled to free 24-hour and one-on-one consultation with a doctor in charge, but are also entitled to paid, directed medical consultation.
At the doctor's end, iBaby breaks geographical boundaries by organizing experts to give microlectures, such as online lectures, peer-to-peer exchanges, and case discussions, to doctors at the grass-roots level.
At present, the doctor side opened three sections, respectively, for doctors to continue education, doctors social and doctors for help.
Services include online learning, case discussions, academic exchanges, social networking platforms with hospitals and doctors in departments, legal assistance for doctor-patient relationships or personal life, and support for entrepreneurship.
CEO Wang Lei recently said Ali Health was "willing to sink in" to take down health big data, according to media reports.
Internet companies, data companies lack professionalism in the same entry on the writing methods are not uniform.
Ali's current layout in the field of health care is divided into three sections, namely Ali Health, Tmall Medicine Hall and Alipay Future Hospital.
"It's not just a matter of how much money you have," Wang admits. "It's a matter of getting down and being able to live with the loneliness and do it slowly."
Staying up late to watch the Olympics can damage your heart
Brazil's Olympic events are in full swing, and many citizens will stay up to watch them even if they are broadcast in the middle of the night in the country.
In response, doctors specifically warned that staying up late to watch the tournament had health hazards that could potentially trigger cardiovascular disease.
If you stay up for a long time, the hormone will still be secreted in large quantities, the human experience continues to be in a state of tension and excitement, unable to get a normal recovery, easy to cause vasoconstriction, blood pressure rise, and thus cause cardiovascular disease.
Han specifically cautioned that groups with cardiovascular risk factors such as high blood pressure, high blood sugar, high blood lipids, smoking habits and family history were more likely to develop cardiovascular disease if they stayed up late.
Staying up late for long periods of time not only affects cardiovascular function, but also gastrointestinal function, the immune system, the neuroendocrine system, and even the risk of developing tumors.
For older friends, Han suggests trying not to stay up late to watch the Olympics, especially for groups with a history of cardiovascular disease.
During the last World Cup, Han Zhiyuan had seen a patient in his 60s whose heart attack was triggered or related to staying up late to watch the game.
Han Zhiyuan said that so far this year, its departments have received some 25-year-old patients with myocardial infarction or stroke, which is largely due to the patient's long stay up late lifestyle.
Don't stay up late every day, occasionally stay up late to watch your favorite sports, other sports might as well wait until the next day to watch the replay of the event.
2. Stay up late when the timely replenishment of water, eat more fruits, can prevent blockage of blood vessels, enhance the body's immune system.
BEIJING, August 12 (Xinhua) -- Chinese veteran Du Li won a bronze medal in the women's 50-meter rifle three-position final at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games.
Du Li became a veteran of the four Olympic dynasties, winning a total of two gold, one silver and four bronze medals in four Olympic Games.
In 1998, entered the shooting team in Shandong Province, with coach Wang German professional shooting training.
In June 2003, she took part in the Women's 10m Air Rifle gold medal at the World Shooting Cup in Croatia and broke the world record with 504.9 rings.
In August 2004, she won the gold medal in the women's 10m air rifle, winning the first gold medal for the Chinese team at the Athens Olympic Games.
In August 2008, he won the gold medal in the 50-meter sport rifle three-position competition, breaking the Olympic record with a total score of 690.3.
In August 2012, after the London Olympics in Trident, Dooley filed an application for temporary retirement with the International Association of Shooters.
In January 2015, Dooley announced her return to the national team to start training in preparation for the Rio Olympics.
Rio's Olympic trials ended in March 2016 and again qualified for the Women's 10m Air Rifle Olympic Games after eight years.
Dolly won a silver medal with 207 rings in the women's 10m air rifle event at the Rio Olympics on August 6, 2016.
Bronze medal in the women's 50m rifle three-position competition at the Rio Olympics on August 12, 2016.
The film, which is expected to debut on China Central Television and LeTV early next year, will also feature a VR panoramic documentary version for the first time.
The documentary "Polar" is a large-scale work focusing on the Qinghai-Tibet Plateau, the third pole of the Earth, and tells the story of the fusion of Tibetan tradition and modernity as well as the interaction between Tibet and the world from a new perspective.
The biggest advantage of VR's work is that it gives the audience a unique sense of "immersion" in the film, which also places a higher demand on the filming process.
The production team for the Polar's panoramic VR special edition said they wanted to make sure every aspect of the picture was impeccable, giving viewers a sense of immersion.
August 11, the Shandong Armed Police Corps Yantai detachment organized special operations snipers braved the high temperature of 34 degrees Celsius to Kunyu Mountain to carry out jungle training.
During the Cold War, the Soviet Union brought missiles into Cuba, which almost led to a nuclear war between the United States and the Soviet Union.
The event was seen as the culmination of the Cold War, known as the "Cuban Missile Crisis."
Little is known, however, that a strong solar storm, also during the Cold War, nearly led the United States to launch a nuclear war against the Soviet Union, an event that was first made public by researchers on August 9.
On May 23, 1967, a powerful solar storm caused intense interference with the U.S. military's radar and radio communications in the Arctic.
The radars are part of a U.S. ballistic missile early warning system used to monitor Soviet missiles.
The paper, by researchers at the University of Colorado, interviewed U.S. military personnel involved in forecasting and analyzing solar activity at the time, and reviewed non-classified literature.
In the 1960s, to prevent a sudden nuclear war by the Soviet Union, the US Air Force always had a portion of warplanes carrying nuclear warheads flying in the sky, the paper wrote.
Unaware that the main culprit for the disturbance was a solar storm rather than the Soviet Union, the US military commander ordered that the warplanes be put into combat readiness.
Fortunately, the US military's research into solar activity and its electromagnetic interference with the Earth, which began in the late 1950s, eventually stopped this potential military conflict.
Later, he compiled the information provided by the U.S. Air Force's Aviation Weather Service and submitted a detailed report.
As a direct consequence of the solar storm, the United States military has since regarded space weather as an operational concern and has established a more robust space weather forecasting system.
Members of the public who find their cars obstructed by unfamiliar vehicles during their daily journeys can use the "Twitter Move Car" feature to address this distress when the driver of the unfamiliar vehicle cannot be reached.
On August 11, Xi'an traffic police WeChat service number "Xi'an traffic police" launched "WeChat mobile" service.
With the launch of the service, members of the public can tackle such problems in their daily lives by using the "WeChat Move" feature when an unfamiliar vehicle obstructs the movement of their vehicle while the driver is not at the scene.
The first function of this new service is to be fast and save administrative cost; the second is to respect and protect the individual privacy of citizens; and the third is all-weather, full time service.
As long as citizens have WeChat, they can be very convenient to operate on their own, which can relatively make both sides of the car can be relatively friendly and easy to "meet" to ease parking problems, and can reduce the occurrence of vehicle-related security cases.
On the other hand, for those who refuse to drive, illegally park or obstruct the passage of vehicles, Xi'an traffic control department said that the traffic police will then take different measures according to the actual situation, depending on the circumstances of the case to be dealt with.
On August 9, more than 10 young workers from Shangluo Power Supply Company came to Di Hua Ancient Town Cultural Tourism Scenic Area in Danfeng County to carry out "Meet the Ancient Town and Feel the Power" and our festival and Tanabata theme activities.
Danfeng County Company of Shangluo Power Supply Company, in conjunction with the construction of spiritual civilization, actively organized and carried out the "Meet the ancient town full of love power" and our festival and Tanabata theme activities.
Company employees who attended the event said: "I usually focus on work and study, lack of time and platform to communicate with colleagues and friends."
"This company has provided us with such a relaxed, happy and harmonious platform, which I like very much, meaningful and interesting."
Tanabata activities by young workers at the scene of the wide acclaim, one after another hope that the company will hold more such activities, and more other young people to strengthen communication and exchanges.
The highly regarded Beijing Olympic men's singles champion and Spanish superstar Nadal beat his opponent in straight sets to advance to the final eight in the men's singles competition on the same day, and the men's doubles competition also advanced to the final.
Nadal, who is a gold slam winner with a penchant for the Olympics and has not recovered from his injuries, made the cut in a three-way strike.
He and teammate Lopez will compete for the gold medal in the men's doubles final against Romania's Tecau and Megea.
The women's singles event at the Rio Olympics suffered a number of seeded withdrawals, with all four of the women's singles produced on Monday after several days of intense competition.
Kvitova will compete with Puig for a ticket to the final, while another finals seat will be created between Keys and Corbell.
The top four of the women's doubles competition were also all produced, with the semi-finals against: Hingis / Basinsky v Hradeka / Hravakova; Makarova / Vesnina v Strykova / Safarova.
The mixed doubles match, which took place on that day, also decided the top eight, although the drop of the top-seeded Mahu / Garcia combination, and the withdrawal of the Natto combination, made the mixed doubles match a little bit discoloured.
On April 27, 2015, the United States and Japan jointly released a new edition of the U.S.-Japan Defense Cooperation Guidelines in New York, allowing Japan's armed forces to play a more offensive role around the world.
US Defense Secretary Ash Carter, US Secretary of State John Kerry, Japanese Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida and Japanese Defense Minister Nakatani attended a press conference in New York on the same day.
This is the fifth time that a Chinese nongovernmental think tank has published an assessment of Japan's military strength, and the fourth time it has launched an English version.
The report is divided into nine chapters, including general policy adjustment, military strength, national defense budget, military deployment, weapons and equipment, institutional reform, military training and exercises, foreign military security cooperation, and military security relations with China.
According to the report, 2015 marked the end of a period in which the Abe administration pushed through several years of major policy adjustments in the security sector.
Since then, Japan's initiatives in the area of security will be mainly at the operational level of the application of the rule of law, the implementation of strategies and the implementation of policies, rather than major adjustments and changes in frameworks, mechanisms and policies.
The report stressed that Abe ’ s cabinet is trying to achieve the multiple goals of promoting Japan ’ s “normal nationalization, ” stepping out of the Self-Defense Forces to intervene in international security affairs, strengthening the Japan-US alliance, and preventing China from dominating China through the three breakthroughs mentioned above.
Previously, the China Council for the Promotion of Strategic Culture issued Japan's military assessment reports on June 5, 2012, July 19, 2013, July 23, 2014, and June 30, 2015, respectively.
The Financial Times published an atlas of the residence of the US ambassador to China on August 12.
In contrast, the U.S. ambassador's residence, by its appearance, could well serve as a safe house in the next film adapted from John Le Carré's Cold War spy novel, the article said.
The residence is grey and heavily guarded with perimeter fences, a second internal wall, barbed wire and vehicle barriers.
Completing short boards of public sports facilities
Black coal warehouse, into a "green grass" football field; red brick spire of the plant, into a modern sports hall.
On National Fitness Day, the South Losing Horse Camp Sports and Cultural Park outside the Wangjiang River in Hangzhou, unveiled the mystery.
It used to be a coal mine and has been idle since it closed more than a decade ago, leaving behind a large amount of illegal construction and domestic waste.
After its renovation, it has become a sports and cultural park and will officially open to the public in November, providing sports venues free of charge to the public and undoubtedly opening up a whole new fertile ground for sport for all.
This is reminiscent of Hangzhou Chenjinglun Sports School, the "Huangpu Military Academy" in Chinese swimming, which has won several world championships.
Swimming stars are constantly emerging, vividly illustrating the relationship between competitive sports and national sports - the rich mass base provides good conditions for the selection of professional athletes.
The level of competitive sports is closely related to the foundation of national sports. Competitive sports in a certain sense depends on national sports, which in turn depends on the conditions of the venue.
It is reported that as of 2015, China's per capita sports ground area, although it has been 150 times that of the founding of New China, still lags far behind the sports powerhouse.
In June this year, the State Council issued the National Fitness Plan (2016-2020), with the development of mass sports as a key element.
In order to make up for this shortcoming, on the one hand, the relevant departments in urban planning to take full account of the layout of the sports venues.
On the other hand, completed public sports stadiums, including those in institutions such as schools, should be as open as possible and used as efficiently as possible.
The Rio Olympics, now in full swing, have inspired enthusiasm for the sport and awakened a sense of participation.
Gilead receives legal fees in hepatitis C patent battle with Merck
According to the U.S. District Judge's decision, Gilead Scientific is entitled to legal fees incurred in the hepatitis C patent lawsuit against the pharmaceutical company Merck Group of America.
In June, after a U.S. judge found Merck guilty of wrongdoing, including perjury and other unethical behavior, Gilead was exempt from paying $200 million in damages for violations of two patents by Gilead's best-selling drugs, Sofibwe and Havoni.
In Thursday's lawsuit, U.S. District Judge Beth Lamberson Freeman said Gilliard did not have to bear the costs incurred by his defense.
Merck is trying to catch up with Gilead, who dominates the market for a new generation of hepatitis C drugs that can cure more than 90 percent of people with the disease.
The case dates back to 2013, when Gilead and Merck sued each other, each claiming to be the owner of the laboratory work at Sofibwe, the active ingredient in Gilead's drugs.
U.S.-backed forces announce they have recaptured Manbij from ISIS
All remaining ISIS soldiers in the city have left and U.S.-backed forces have taken full control of the northern city of Manbij, near the Turkish border, a force spokesman said on Friday.
The Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) are now sweeping the city after the departure of militants holed up inside the city.
Sharan Darwish of the Manbij Military Council, an ally of the Syrian Democratic Forces, told Reuters that they had rescued more than 2,000 civilians who had been abducted by militants.
"Manbij is all under our control now, but we're still in the middle of a sweep," he told Reuters.
The Clintons earned $10.75 million in revenue in 2015 and paid 34.2 percent in federal taxes
Hillary Clinton released her 2105 tax returns Friday showing the Democratic presidential nominee and her husband earned $10.75 million in 2015 and paid 34.2 percent in federal taxes.
In 2015, the Clintons made $1 million in charitable contributions, most of which went to the Clinton Foundation; former President Bill Clinton's speaking fees reached nearly $5.3 million, while the former secretary of state received $3 million from publishers Simon & Schuster for a book about her tenure at the State Department.
Clinton's running mate, Senator Tim Kaine of the Commonwealth of Virginia, and his wife, Anne Holden, released 10 years of tax returns.
The pair paid 20.3 percent in federal taxes in 2015.
"Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine will continue to be the benchmark for financial transparency," Clinton campaign aide Jennifer Palmieri said in a statement.
In contrast, Donald Trump covered up on false grounds and retracted his earlier promise to release his tax returns.
Though not required by law, it is customary for U.S. presidential candidates to make their tax returns public.
As a New York businessman, Trump, along with his lawyers, cited an IRS audit as a reason for refusing to release his tax returns.
Clinton campaign aide Ian Summers tweeted that it's up to you and attached a link to the Democratic nominee's tax returns.
On Thursday, Trump's special counsel, Michael Cohen, told CNN that he would not allow Trump to release his tax returns until the audit is complete.
Critics of Trump, including 2012 Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney and other Republicans, said Trump's refusal to release his tax returns would raise questions about his net worth, charitable donations, business dealings and various other relationships, including with Russia.
Clinton seized on the issue to lash out, releasing an online video on Friday highlighting high-profile Democrats urging Trump to release his tax returns.
She raised the issue Thursday during an economic policy speech in Michigan.
"For decades, he refused to release his tax returns like other presidential candidates," she told the crowd.
According to Politico News, Trump paid hardly a penny in taxes for two years in the 1990s, and the New York Times business columnist on Friday quoted a number of tax lawyers and accountants who said that might still be the case.
Federal taxes have become a big issue in the presidential campaign.
Clinton named a rule after billionaire investor Warren Buffett, guaranteeing that people earning more than $1 million a year would pay at least 30 percent in taxes.
President Obama also supported the proposal.
Last week, Clinton held a rally in Omaha, Nebraska, where Berkshire Hathaway's company is based, where Buffett asked Trump to meet and exchange his tax returns.
Mr Buffett said he was also being audited by the IRS, and that Mr Trump was "afraid" not of the tax authorities but of voters.
The earliest tax returns released by the Clinton campaign are from 2007.
The Clintons, who currently live in Chabac, New York, paid an average federal tax rate of about 32 percent and a combined tax rate of about 40.5 percent between 2007 and 2014.
The Clintons' 2015 tax returns show that, unlike most Americans, they are paid as little as $100.
Their main investments are low-cost index mutual funds, and the Clintons have a dividend and interest income of $109,000.
Reporting by Kevin Chopper; Editing by Jonathan Ortiz
Jewish filmmakers criticise Berlin hotel for removing Israeli phone code as "requested" by Arab customers - Reuters News
A French filmmaker with Jewish roots revealed to the media that the Kempinski Hotel in Berlin did not list the Israeli phone code, and that the hotel staff said it was in accordance with the "requirements" of Arab customers, sparking a public outcry.
Claude Lanzmann, author of the Holocaust documentary The Holocaust, expressed his disappointment at the Kempinski Hotel and published an open letter in Frankfurt, Germany.
During his most recent stay, Lanzmann wanted to find Israel on the list of phone codes provided by the hotel.
But Israel is not among the countries where guests can call directly from their rooms.
Israel actually disappeared in Berlin, Germany's capital, in 2016?
Lanzmann wrote.
Instead, guests can call Israel through the Kempinski Hotel's call center.
In search of an explanation, the filmmaker asked the hotel's front desk.
In his letter, Mr Lanzman said he was "shocked" by the response he received at the front desk.
Hotel staff said it was a "deliberate decision by the management of the Kempinski Hotel."
And the reason for doing so has made the filmmaker angry.
Langzman quoted the employee as saying: "Most of our guests are Arabs and they are demanding that the Israeli code be removed."
According to the South German Daily News, Israel's ambassador to Germany, Yakov Haddas Handelsmann, called the incident "an outrage."
We were surprised to learn about the incident.
This in itself is a great shame.
And what happened in Germany and the hotel chain was even more humiliating.
There is no need for any explanation.
"We hope that the hotel will come to the right conclusion," the official said.
The incident sparked a heated debate online and everyone thought it was a scandal.
Some see the Kempinski hotel as simply "kowtowing" to meet the demands of Arab customers.
Another post pointed to the hotel as "shameless" and pointed out that the main street on the famous Kudam Street is near a synagogue.
According to Der Spiegel, the hotel was quick to clarify all the allegations, claiming that everything was "negligent" and offering "apologies" to Lanzmann.
The Nande Daily News quoted Kempinski's representative as saying: "There has never been a direct order to remove Israel from the speed dial list."
The newspaper also said the Israeli code had been added to the list.
Police use tear gas and rubber bullets to evict Brazilian students protesting
On Thursday, in Sao Paulo, Brazil, students clashed with police during a protest against reforms to the government's public education system.
Police used tear gas and rubber bullets to evict protesters.
The incident began when law enforcement officials tried to disperse the students, so police used rubber bullets and tear gas.
Several hundred students took part in the march to express their dissatisfaction with the programs.
In an effort to save money, the governor of São Paulo state, Okmin, plans to close 100 public schools and 300,000 students will switch schools.
Some of the students who took part in the protest expressed their displeasure with interim President Michel Temer through graffiti on the wall.
The latest protest comes just days after protesters took to the streets in support of President Dilma Rousseff, who has been impeached by the state Senate.
Scottish cyclist Callum Skinner returns with fame after winning cycling gold
Scottish cyclist Callum Skinner last night helped the British trio successfully defend their Olympic gold medal following the 2012 London Games in the men's team race at the Rio Cycling Stadium.
The 23-year-old Glasgow cyclist replaced his fellow Scot, Sir Chris Hoy, as the centrepiece of the team, and even the legendary cyclist was proud of him when the young Skinner beat title favourite New Zealand and returned home with a reputation.
Four years ago, the British team made a splash, while Hoy won the fifth of the individual's six Olympic gold medals.
Hoey retired after finishing sixth at the World Cycling Championships in London in March.
The problem for the British team between the Beijing and London Games was to replace "first lap expert" Jamie Staff.
The team did just that when Sinders showed up.
Hoy's retirement also left a void that Chin Emadi and Matt Clapton both wanted to fill.
After seeing Skinner's potential, the British men's coaching staff insisted that he be selected for the national team, and Skinner eventually lived up to expectations.
Skinner's partner, Hindes and Kenny, who won gold with Hoy four years ago, set an Olympic record in qualifying but was overtaken by New Zealand in the first round.
And the three British cyclists eventually beat their rivals to win the gold medal.
While Hindes was slightly behind, Kenny took the lead for the team and Skinner held that lead to the end.
A change in strategy was key to the turnaround, with Sinders opting for a larger flywheel and therefore slower, and that allowed Kenny, and Skinner in particular, to keep up the pace.
Hoey watched as a BBC commentator, and Skinner, Kenny and Hinders saw him on the podium.
"I'm flattered," said Mr Skinner, a 23-year-old Glasgow cyclist.
I'm just trying to do what I can to make a name for myself.
We set an Olympic record in the final and beat the world champion.
This is unbelievable.
There's nothing better than this win.
After winning gold medals with Kenny and Hoy at the 2012 London Olympics, Sinders admitted to falling deliberately onto the track after a poor start.
He later withdrew the comment, while the British team's rivals were unable to appeal.
And there were no such problems with this victory.
"It's like being in London with the British flag all over the platform," Mr Sinders said.
We only just formed a team three months ago.
We've lost a lot of world championships, so it's amazing to be able to defend an Olympic title.
It's just one race, one gold medal for the British team that won seven of the 10 track cycling gold medals at the Beijing and London Olympics.
If this symbolizes the progress we have made over the past five months, then we will continue to be successful in the Cycling Pavilion for the next five days.
Based on the form Kenny has shown, it's not impossible for him to recreate Hoy's feat of winning three gold medals at one Olympics.
If so, Kenny, who is 12 years younger than Hoy and also born on March 23, which seems to be a sacred day for British sport, when Steve Redgrave, Mo Farah and Roger Bannister were born, will have six gold medals and a silver medal.
The result was the same as Hoy's.
Kenny is next in line for the three-day race, which starts today.
"I'm going to focus on this game for the time being," said the 28-year-old Bolton man.
The team competition is always the best.
You can win games with your teammates.
Frankly speaking, it's a bit lonely for one person to win.
"If he can win the other two gold medals, then he should be given a knighthood," Mr Sinders said.
It was the only game of the day that produced a medal, but the British team received other good news.
Sir Bradley Wiggins, Ed Clancy, Steven Burke and Owen Doyle advanced to the four-kilometre team pursuit with the fastest time.
Their scores were 351.943.
The world record for a gold medalist at the 2012 London Olympics is 351.659.
The first round and final (10.42pm) take place on the second match day today and Wiggins will no doubt be in the limelight.
He had an argument with match officials before qualifying yesterday when they asked him to measure his height.
Laura Trott, Joanna Rother-Shande, Eleanor Barker and Kate Archibald from Millgate advanced with a new world record of 413.260 in the women's competition, which ends tomorrow.
The British team relied on a strong track cycling team to take the lead in the middle of the Olympics and win a number of medals.
After showing its absolute dominance at the Beijing and London Olympics, the British cycling team was slightly disappointed on their way to Rio.
There were many ups and downs during the period, including the resignation of technical director Sean Sutton in April over sexism and bullying allegations and the retirement of legends such as Hoy and Victoria Pendleton.
But the first night at the Bicycle Pavilion is a testament to the fact that the British team will once again reach the pinnacle of form at the crucial moment.
In the small life came to this world, parents are responsible for this life, this responsibility lies not only in the child's physical health, but also in the spiritual development, that is, education.
If you fail in your children's education, then even if you succeed in your career, you can't make up for the lack of life, the failure of your family.
When a new life comes, new mothers and fathers need to spend time and energy to look after and educate their children and take responsibility for them.
And responsibility, in addition to the physical care and keeping them healthy, also lies in the spiritual education, which is to let children learn how to be a man, how to be an adult, how to be successful.
Good family education means that parents need to accompany their children regularly, give them love, patient care, in addition to the need to teach their children to develop civilized behavior, so that children learn better knowledge, enhance intelligence.
What parents say and do will affect the growth of their children. They will imitate their parents, which is often referred to as dragon born dragon, phoenix born chicken, mouse's children can make holes, parents what kind of children.
Therefore, parents need to set a good example in front of their children, regulate their own words and deeds, develop their own good character, which can indirectly help children to shape a good heart, let him more excellent.
Amy is a smart and beautiful girl.
She is outgoing and lively, gets along well with her friends, and adapts well to the environment.
But Amy had a little secret in her heart: she couldn't focus on the learning, working tasks she had to do for a long time.
This secret has been with Amy for a long time. Usually it's not a serious problem.
Even with decentralized, modular time to study and work, she can basically get the job done and do well.
But when the task was heavy and the time was tight, Amy felt a great deal of pain and suffering.
The purpose of individual resistance to self-exposure and emotional experience is not to endanger the individual's self-knowledge and self-esteem.
Some behaviorist psychologists have interpreted impedance as an individual's disobedience to his or her behavior modification.
I tried to get Amy to do an exercise that allowed her to calm down and feel the pain by breathing in a relaxed way.
And once she left the trapped situation, she felt relaxed and free again.
Rangers Han, 63, had a drunken argument with another tramp Xiao and stabbed him to death with a knife.
Han said before the crime he and tramp Xiao are living in an alley in the Dongcheng District on the ground, the two are more than 20 meters apart.
Han claimed that on the day of the crime, they were called by friends to drink together, and that the two men had argued twice during and after dinner.
Han claimed he was afraid Xiao would hit him, so he picked up a fruit knife from the rubbish heap and stabbed him to death.
The court, the victim's family asked Han to compensation for funeral expenses, death compensation, etc., a total of more than 530,000 yuan.
Uber's entry into the Taiwan market for four years has had a big impact on the region's traditional taxi industry.
Taiwan's United Daily News reported on August 12 that more than 100 taxis took a detour around Taiwan's "Executive Yuan" in protest, causing severe traffic paralysis in the surrounding area.
Zheng Lijia, chairman of the Taipei Drivers' Union, said Uber had been in Taiwan for four years and that the Taiwan authorities had only held a meeting at the end of this month and drivers were no longer able to wait.
Yet the government has failed to live up to its word, dragging its feet.
Law-abiding taxi drivers, who belong to the bottom labour force, have to compete with Uber, which is illegal but not restricted, and feel cheated by the authorities.
Originally titled: 2000 chickens from a farm in Jiangsu were seized by the court and sold without permission
After the judgment came into effect, because Li did not automatically fulfill the obligations determined in the judgment, Wang applied to Shuyang court for enforcement.
On 16 October 2014, the Shuyang Court issued a civil ruling ordering the seizure of 2,000 laying hens from all of Li's farms and that they should not be transferred or sold without permission.
After receiving the seizure ruling, Li sold part of the hens seized in the farm without the permission of the Shuyang court.
By the time the Yuanyang County Public Security Bureau surveyed on March 8, 2015, there were only 142 eggs left in the farm.
Reporter on August 12 was informed that the Beijing 2022 Winter Olympic Games and Paralympic Winter Games Organizing Committee issued a public announcement that the Beijing Winter Olympic Organizing Committee to inherit the Beijing Winter Olympic bid emblem, logo and other intellectual property rights.
No one may use the emblem and logo of the Beijing Winter Olympics Bidding Committee for commercial purposes without the permission of the Beijing Winter Olympics Organizing Committee.
The head of the Industrial Coordination Department of the National Development and Reform Commission said here today that steel overcapacity is a global problem.
In recent years, China's capacity utilization rate is higher than the global average and higher than the United States and Europe and other countries and regions.
China has taken resolute and effective measures to eliminate excess capacity, and the results are gradually emerging.
The person in charge pointed out that the party Central Committee and the State Council attach great importance to the global problem of excess steel production capacity.
Various departments and regions have actively implemented the State Council's plan and carried out serious work to reduce crude steel production capacity by about 45 million tons this year.
Proceeding from China's national conditions, China does not encourage steel exports, on the contrary, it has also taken a series of practical measures to control steel exports.
The official stressed that international trade in steel products is essentially a market behavior, is derived from the importing country demand, consumers comprehensive consideration of product value for money and other factors after the independent choice.
The implementation of trade protection measures will not help to fundamentally solve the problem of the development of the global steel industry, on the contrary, it will only cause further impact on the international trade order.
When talking about debt, the chief stressed that resolving the debt problem is an important issue that needs to be properly handled in the process of resolving excess capacity.
Due to the large scale and wide range of assets of steel enterprises, the debt relationship of some enterprises is complex, and it is possible to trigger regional risks if not handled properly.
In recent years, as downward pressure on the economy has increased, aggregate demand in society has gradually weakened, capacity utilization rates in some sectors have declined and enterprises have greater difficulties in production and operation, according to the chief.
Some enterprises do not adapt to changes in the market environment, production and operation is difficult to sustain or even close down, but subject to some institutional and institutional factors, there are more obstacles to exit in a market-oriented way and become "zombie enterprises."
The existence of such enterprises distorts market signals, reduces the efficiency of factor resource utilization, increases the cost of social management and hinders the establishment of a level playing field.
The main reasons for the losses are the same as those faced by the global steel industry - weak market demand and low capacity utilisation.
Our country mainly adopts the market mechanism, economic means and the method of rule of law, and the government mainly does a good job in the work of the bottom line and social stability of the staff and workers to ensure a fair and just market order.
The person in charge stressed that the next step is to continue to work hard to ensure the completion of the five-year target of 100 million to 150 million tons of crude steel production capacity.
On the afternoon of October 10, when the Chinese tourist police made an appearance in Moscow's Red Square, they immediately caught people's attention. Chinese tourists waved with surprise. Locals and foreign tourists couldn't help but stop and look back.
On the same day, members of the Tourism Police Detachment of the Sanya Municipal Public Security Bureau, China's first professional tourism police force, came to Moscow's Red Square to exchange learning with the local tourist police on duty.
Moscow tourist police patrol three groups in Red Square, Nikoliski Pedestrian Street, Gum Department Store and other places. Chinese tourist police study together with the post, the whole process lasted more than an hour.
Liuchigne, a female police officer in her 20s and fluent in English and Spanish, joined the tourist police force just last year.
He carefully observed the words and actions of his Russian counterpart along the way and communicated with her from time to time.
When encountering Spanish tourists coming for advice, the Moscow tourist police gave each other a patient explanation in fluent Spanish, which impressed Wang Bing.
"The fact that everyone in the Moscow tourist police knows a foreign language and some of them have more than two is very touching," he said.
"As an international tourist island, Hainan is gradually paying attention to attracting international tourists. We hope to improve our ability to match the status of an international tourist island," he said.
On the same day, before studying with the post, the Chinese tourist police also went to the Moscow city tourist police brigade station to communicate with their Russian counterparts.
"I often deal with Chinese tourists and I'm very happy to see them coming to Russia."
"The questions they usually ask for help are: how to get there, where is a monument, how to get a taxi, how to get back to the hotel," he said.
Moscow's urban environment and tourist atmosphere have become more and more attractive to foreign tourists in recent years, said Rysakov, head of Moscow's tourist police brigade.
In order to meet the needs of tourism development, a tourism police force was set up in July 2014 to patrol and defend major attractions and help and channel tourists.
Currently, all Moscow tourist police officers are fluent in English, and some also have Spanish and German.
The police brigade divided them into nine groups, based on their foreign language level, and attended classes twice a week to learn self-defense techniques, laws and regulations and foreign languages.
"At the moment there are two tourist police officers who are starting to learn Chinese and are already speaking well, and we're going to continue to improve their Chinese," Reysakov said.
Rysakov told reporters that since its establishment, the Moscow Tourism Police has accumulated some experience, hoping to inspire their counterparts in Sanya.
He believes that cooperation between the police departments of Russia and China will enhance the sense of security for their citizens to travel to each other's countries.
"The recruitment of personnel, policing model, equipment and good interaction with tourists of the Moscow tourism police have given us a lot of inspiration," Chen said.
At least nine provinces and cities, including Hebei, Jilin, Tianjin, Jiangxi, Sichuan, Hainan, Gansu, Fujian and Beijing, have issued detailed rules for the implementation of residence permits, according to Xinhua.
With regard to the conditions for applying for a residence permit, the above-mentioned areas generally propose that they need to live for more than six months and meet one of the conditions for having legal and stable employment, legal and stable residence and continuous schooling.
In terms of the treatment offered by residence permits, the "gold content" varies from place to place, and the range of public services and facilities offered in some areas has expanded compared with the state version of the rules.
These areas have increased the convenience for children to participate in the local entrance examination under the relevant conditions.
In addition, Beijing and other places have also explicitly requested that the scope of the provision of public services and facilities be gradually expanded and made known to the public on a regular basis.
For example, Fujian proposed that the scope of public services and facilities enjoyed by holders of residence permits should be made known to the public at least once every three years.
According to the Interim Regulations on Residence Permits, the public security organs shall, within 15 days from the date of acceptance, make and issue residence permits for those who meet the requirements for the processing of residence permits.
With regard to the time frame for the issuance of certificates, most regions are in agreement with the national version, which is issued within 15 days.
Hebei has made it clear that for those who meet the requirements for application and have complete materials, the police station of their place of residence shall issue their residence permits within three working days from the date of acceptance.
Jiangxi stipulates that if the conditions for applying for a residence permit are met and the supporting documents are complete, the public security organ shall make and issue a residence permit within five working days from the date of accepting the application.
In accordance with the provisions of the Provisional Regulations on Residence Permits, the above-mentioned areas have all made it clear that they will apply for a residence permit for the first time and will be exempted from the payment of documentation fees.
For example, Sichuan requires that local police stations or commissioned community service agencies strictly implement the approved charging items and rates, and resolutely prohibit overcharging, overcharging or hitchhiking charges.
After investigation, on July 27, 2016, Chen Yangxia, former secretary of the Dingnan County CPC Committee of Ganzhou City, reported to the Provincial Discipline Inspection Commission to work as director of the party style and government style supervision room (deputy director level, one year's probation period).
The red wine consumed that night was provided by Li Youcai personally, and the other expenses were borne by Liu.
The Jiangxi Provincial Commission for Discipline Inspection reported that Chen Yangxia and Cheng Ziliang, among others, had violated the spirit of the eight central regulations and violated party discipline by organizing and accepting invitations to dinner in private clubs.
Borgba had two yellow cards in the Coppa Italia last season and will be automatically banned for one match under the rules.
Although he has moved back to the Premier League, the FA has extended his suspension to the Premier League.
As a result, Bogba will be on the sidelines of the 14 August away game against Bournemouth and his return to Manchester United will be postponed until his home game against Southampton on 20 August.
A rookie in the first round of 12 in 2014, Saric will officially land in the NBA next season and join the Philadelphia 76ers.
As a young European player, many fans do not know him very well, but through this Olympic Games, it is believed that Saric's performance has left a deep impression.
The last time Croatia had a narrow victory over Spain, Saric managed to seal off Pau Gasol's last-minute attempt to drag the game into the basket.
76ers coach Brett Brown recently spoke highly of Saric, the Spurs department manager who believes he saw the shadow of Manu Ginobili in his youth.
It's clear that Saric has shown his talent and has 76 people looking forward to him.
Croatia scored 24 points, 17 rebounds and 12 assists in its first two games at the Olympics.
In the first half, Saric showed his ability to open up space on the field, hitting shots from beyond the three-point line after breaking up with his teammates.
The 76ers currently have plenty of talented young players on the inside, but they don't have Saric's outside expertise.
From blocked shots to long passing fast breaks and assists, there are only a handful of infielders who can do that in the NBA today.
Since the start of the Games, Saric has averaged 13 points, eight rebounds and five assists in three games, a well-rounded performance.
James has signed two consecutive 1 + 1 contracts since deciding to return to the Cavaliers in the summer of 2014.
As the NBA's current collective bargaining agreement enters its final year, James will be at the forefront of collective bargaining as vice president of the NBA Players' Union.
Thanks to a new television deal and a battle between owners and players over what to do with the money, there are fears that the NBA will grind to a halt next summer, given the league's huge revenue boost.
But for James, he won't have to worry about becoming a free agent next summer because he has signed a three-year contract extension with the Cavaliers.
No matter when the 2017-18 season officially begins, James is under contract.
The mobile phone market has also seen a boom in small screens since the stunning debut of the iPhone SE.
Not long ago, Nubia also launched the first piece of its Z11 series: nubiaZ11mini.
The nubiaZ11mini continues its tradition of superior photography with a 5.0-inch screen that is easier to hold with one hand, and easy-to-use rear fingerprint recognition for a superior user experience.
Nubia's newly listed small screen photo phone, the Z11mini, reduced its price by $200, or $1,299, from $1,499.
In terms of appearance, the nubiaZ11mini features a 5-inch 1080P screen, with the classic "little red circle" design still underneath the front.
The middle frame is made of metal, and the bottom is symmetrically designed and equipped with a Type-C data interface.
The future of the Portland smelter is fraught with uncertainty due to the cancellation of the power supply contract
The Portland aluminium smelter in Victoria, as well as hundreds of workers at the plant, is now facing an uncertain future as the power company that powers the plant has revealed that a factory owner will terminate a supply contract, thus invalidating all supply contracts.
The move comes after the Victorian government decided not to continue paying subsidies to keep factories operating.
The 20-year fixed subsidy is due to expire in November.
Two thousand workers at Alcoa's Portland plant could face losing their jobs.
As many as 2,000 people could lose their jobs, directly or indirectly, once the plant closes.
And since the plant accounts for about 10 per cent of Victoria's total electricity output, there could be a knock-on effect.
Alcoa closed the Cape Hanley smelter in 2014, which led to the closure of the Anglesey power plant last year.
Alcoa's Portland smelter is losing money and is at risk of closure.
The move follows forecasts for the plant over the next few years, initially due to a stronger Australian dollar and more recently because of the price of the factory's products.
AGL, which supplies electricity to the large aluminium smelter through the Laoeyang power plant in the Latrobe Valley, predicted that three other plant owners would also terminate their agreement.
The largest shareholder in the plant is a joint venture between Alcoa and Alumina, while China's Citic Group and Japan's Marubeni Corporation also hold small stakes.
"AGL expects the Portland plant to continue operating, meaning the smelter will continue to generate electricity demand," the joint venture said.
AGL said the contracts were "hedging contracts" that should have been in effect since November 2016.
The contract was terminated for 12 months, so they will be terminated in 2017.
"As a result, AGL still predicts that these contracts will continue to generate revenue in fiscal 2017," the power company said.
Any potential revenue impact on AGL from FY2018 is currently subject to the futures market's optimistic outlook for wholesale electricity prices.
AGL said the company had written down the contract value of $187 million in "termination activity expectations."
Alcoa said the decision to terminate the contracts "will not affect Alcoa's ability to operate the smelter or guarantee the smelter's electricity supply."
The US company said it signed a 20-year contract with Mr Eyang in 2010, which would have taken effect in November, but did not explain why it had withdrawn from the contract.
Analysts are cautious about whether the Portland smelter in Victoria and the Tomago plant near Newcastle will close because of the industry's poor economic conditions.
In response to comments from analysts earlier this week, AGL operations chief Stephen Mickelson said Portland uses about 600 megawatts of electricity a year and the Tomago plant about 900 megawatts.
If the two factories shut down, the demand for electricity in the market would be greatly reduced.
"This is not good news for us as an electricity company," he said.
Community legal centres shut out 160,000 people a year
More than 160,000 of the most vulnerable people are turned away from community legal centres each year and the service is already stretched to the limit and now faces further funding cuts.
In Queensland, three out of five people are denied access to free legal advice and representation, mostly elderly people, migrants, vulnerable workers, victims of violence and those who do not have the resources to fight unfair evictions.
The lack of funding for community legal services has long exceeded the limit and now faces further funding cuts.
Federal funding for the centres will be cut by a further 30 per cent from June next year.
James Farrell, the head of the Queensland Community Law Centre, said thousands of people were turned away each year, according to the latest survey by the National Community Association's Law Centre.
Mr Farrell said the situation would only get worse if the federal government did not change existing decisions.
"Queensland's community legal centres are chronically underfunded, which means thousands of people will not be able to access the vital services they need," he said.
People in need of protection from violence, people with huge debts that cannot be paid, families that are falling apart, workers who are being squeezed, all face legal problems, and the report shows that they are unable to get the help they need.
The federal government will cut funding by a further 30 per cent from June 2017, meaning thousands of vulnerable people in Queensland will be forced to deal with complex legal issues without help.
We call on Attorney General and Queensland MP George Brandis to reverse these funding cuts immediately so that people can get the help they need when they face legal issues.
Last year, the state government promised to raise legal aid funding to the national average.
Attention must now be given to the needs of the community legal centres and their corresponding communities, and the Bellagio Government must also be involved in this important work.
Donald Trump campaign charged over staff member's draw
New York: Trump's campaign has been sued for inaction after its Northern California chief pulled a gun and pointed it at a staff member while driving a jeep in February.
Vincent Bodini, a former software trainer for the state's campaign, described the incident in a state court in Charlotte on Wednesday.
Mr Bodini said he had previously hoped the matter would be resolved internally, but after months of waiting he realised "this can't happen."
According to Bodini, the man in charge, Earl Phillips, "pulled out a pistol, placed his right index finger on the board, and pointed the gun at Vincent's kneecap."
After complaining to the local and regional campaign leadership, Bodini learned from the dossier that at least four other people had gone through the same thing.
"Failure to shoot does not mean no harm will be done," Mr Bodini said in the complaint.
The case comes just two days after the Republican presidential nominee sparked outrage in North Carolina when he told a crowd that "people who support the Second Amendment," gun owners and gun enthusiasts, could take action if his opponent Hillary Clinton was elected and picked her favorite judge.
Trump's campaign said the media had taken his words out of context and that he was not advocating violence.
In his complaint, Bodini demanded compensation from the campaign for his neglect of supervision, as well as from Phillip for his assault, assault and mental injury.
Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks did not immediately respond to the news.
Philip could not be reached for comment.
Phillip recently left the campaign, according to a local news agency WCCB in Charlotte.
His consulting firm, Innovative Consulting Services, did not immediately respond to the call.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump's campaign has been dogged by controversy.
The parties in this case are Bodini and Trump Presidential Campaign, 16-CS-14300, General Division of the High Court of Mecklenburg County (Charlotte).
Britain must pass on the Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow
Heathrow will also bring energy and prosperity to our communities, London and the country as a whole.
For me, that's the appeal of Heathrow, just as at the 2012 London Olympics we did everything we could to ensure our country and region could benefit from those events.
The Olympics have benefited Stratford and the East End.
And we will once again benefit the region by creating opportunities for local people and businesses around Heathrow.
In our local communities alone, we will create 10,000 new apprenticeships, 40,000 new jobs and lift young people out of unemployment around the airport.
As before the 2012 London Olympics, some people thought Heathrow's expansion was too big.
I was told that Britain would not be ready for the Olympics and that we would be humiliated in front of the whole world.
The doubters were wrong about the 2012 Olympics, and their doubts about the Heathrow project will be proved wrong.
While there will always be obstacles to overcome, Heathrow is working through every one of the problems it faces.
Like the Olympics, Heathrow is an infrastructure project for the many, not the few.
The expansion will create up to 180,000 new jobs and generate £211bn in economic growth, leaving a wealth of technology and jobs around the airport and across the UK.
We have an excellent Heathrow project team that has completed £11bn of infrastructure investment projects on time and within budget, including Terminal T5, which has been voted the best airport terminal in the world for five years in a row, and Terminal T2, which is located between two of the world's busiest runways.
Now they are preparing to build a third runway with £16bn of private investment.
The UK successfully hosted the 2012 London Olympics, and I am confident that the Heathrow expansion project will also be a huge success.
Now is a good time for us to spread the Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow so that we can protect our future and create a wealth of technology and jobs that the UK can be proud of.
Lord Paul Dutton is chairman of the board of directors at Heathrow Airport and a former commercial counsellor to the UK Treasury
A woman has died after killing herself and being run over on a Swiss motorway
The victim was lying on the motorway at midnight.
The woman who tried to kill herself was run over by a number of cars on the highway early Thursday morning and police are looking for witnesses.
The accident happened on the A1 motorway near Morges in the canton of Vaud in the early hours of Thursday morning.
Police in the canton of Vaud said a woman was "desperate" to lie on the road late at night and was run over by multiple vehicles.
The victim, a 49-year-old Swiss woman who apparently acted with suicidal intent, was run over by a number of vehicles, including a lorry.
The woman died at the scene.
Several of the drivers involved have been investigated, but some have yet to be identified, police said, calling on them and witnesses to the accident to come forward for investigation.
Lawyers for Gilles Hofstadter told the Geneva Tribune that a criminal investigation has now been opened, a routine process for such incidents.
But it is not yet known whether any drivers will face charges.
Is it possible to avoid collisions?
Mr Hofstetter said: "It will be up to prosecutors to determine."
Based on the results of two other similar cases in the past five years, the driver will not be held responsible.
Both cases were caused by people taking to the motorway late at night, the paper reported, and the final verdict was that the driver could not have anticipated a pedestrian crossing the motorway at midnight.
Last year, a police officer was charged with causing death by negligence after she struck and killed a man on the A1 motorway near Payet in August 2014.
The 22-year-old victim crossed the road after drinking alcohol, the court heard.
After the investigation, the judge said the policewoman was driving in a perfectly legal manner at the time, while the man's presence on the road was "completely unexpected and unpredictable" and that the policewoman called emergency services afterwards.
Anyone with information about the accident near Morges on Thursday should contact police on 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 44.
NASA climate model: Venus was once suitable for human habitation
According to NASA's new climate models, Venus was once habitable.
Scientists at NASA's Goddard Institute for Space Studies have developed a model that explores the past of Venus, using tools and algorithms that are very similar to those used by climate scientists.
The model was used to determine whether Venus, with its high surface temperature, no water and its atmosphere filled with carbon dioxide, ever had an Earth-like environment.
Previously, scientists thought Venus's slower rotation was due to its thicker atmosphere.
But the latest simulations suggest that Venus may have had a thinner, Earth-like atmosphere and was spinning just as slowly.
The model also shows the early topography of Venus.
Venus may have more dry areas than Earth, but there was enough water and geographic change to breed life and prevent rapid evaporation.
In the early days, the light shining on Venus was 30 percent darker than on Earth.
"In the model simulations at the Goddard Institute for Space Research, Venus' slow rotation makes the day on its side nearly two months long," Anthony Del Genio, a scientist at the Goddard Institute for Space Studies, explained in a news release.
This warms the surface and produces rain that forms thick clouds that act like an umbrella to block most of the sun's heat from the ground.
The result of the simulation is that Venus' average climate temperature is actually several degrees lower than Earth's today.
The model simulates the evolution of Venus similar to that previously predicted by planetary scientists.
Although life may have existed on Venus, it was exposed to excessive temperatures and ultraviolet light over the course of billions of years.
The planet's oceans evaporate, and water vapour is burned out by ultraviolet light.
With the escape of hydrogen, all that is left is a thicker atmosphere of carbon dioxide and a deadly greenhouse gas effect, creating Venus as we know it today.
The researchers published the results of a new Venus climate model in the journal Geophysical Research Letters.
Patrick Roy resigns as Avalanche manager
Patrick Roe, who stepped down as head coach and vice president of the Colorado Avalanche ice hockey team on Thursday, said he had no say in the team's decision-making.
Joe Sacks, Colorado's executive vice president and general manager, confirmed the news and said the club would immediately start looking for a new head coach.
"Over the past three years, I have fulfilled my responsibilities as head coach and vice president of the Colorado Avalanche with energy, passion and determination," the 50-year-old said in a statement.
I spent the summer thinking hard about how I could improve this team and give it the strength to take it to the next level.
To that end, the manager's and vice president's objectives must be aligned with those of the club.
He also has to have a say in decisions that affect the team's performance.
But for now, these conditions have not been met.
Sacks, who hired Roy on May 23, 2013, thanked Roe for his contribution to the team.
"Patrick told me about his decision today," Mr Sachs said.
We thank him for his contribution to the club and wish him well in the future.
Roy was nominated for the Jack Adams Award for the league's best coach in his first season coaching the Avalanche in 2013-14.
He helped the club score 112 points and finish first in the central division, but Colorado was eliminated by Minnesota in the first round of the playoffs and missed the playoffs in the last two years.
The Avalanche finished with 39 wins, 39 draws and four losses in the 2015-16 season, and eventually lost their second wild-card spot in the Western Conference by five points.
As a Hall of Fame goalie, Roe has won four Stanley Cups, two each while playing for the Montreal Canadiens and the Avalanche.
North Sea oil field workers stop strike, continue negotiations
The chief negotiator said workers at North Sea oil fields had halted strikes over pay and the parties to the dispute had begun a new round of negotiations.
There have been a number of strikes against oil field services company Wood Group on North Sea oil platforms operated by Royal Dutch Shell.
According to a joint statement, "Wood Group and the Unite and RMT unions can confirm that we have agreed to restart the process of resolving the current dispute."
We will be reviewing these issues with a number of full-day meetings in the coming weeks, starting early next week.
The union said its recent action, the first of its kind in 25 years, was in protest at a possible pay cut of up to 30 per cent.
Wood Group has reduced compensation for North Sea contractors by about 9 per cent this year because of market pressures.
The pay cut comes after the company cut compensation for offshore contractors by 10 per cent in 2014.
The company said another pay cut would help the company ride out the market slump.
Shell has cut thousands of jobs and announced plans to shut down oil and gas equipment in 10 countries because of the need to streamline its operations following its merger with British energy company British Gas.
Energy companies are coming under pressure from lower crude oil prices and the UK's decision to leave the European Union in June.
Scottish Parliament member Dave Anderson met union leaders earlier this week to discuss the biggest labour dispute of the North Sea generation.
He said the North Sea was vital to the region's economy.
"In the North Sea and across the country, we need an economy that works for the many, not the few," Dave said in the statement.
Spending on new projects in the North Sea is expected to be no more than $1.4 billion in 2016, compared with an average of around $7 billion over the past five years.
Kepler measures the rotation speed of the stars in the Pleiades cluster
The Kepler Space Telescope's latest mission has helped astronomers capture the most complete rotation of stars in the Pleiades cluster.
The new data is helping astronomers understand why the cluster's stars rotate at different speeds and how their rotation cycles are related to the composition of the planet.
"We hope to learn more about the relationship between star mass, age, and even the history of their solar system by comparing our results with other clusters," Luza Rebble, a research scientist at the Infrared Processing and Analysis Center at the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena, said in a press release.
The star cluster is 445 light-years away from Earth.
Many of the stars in the cluster were born about 125 million years ago and are now just reaching adulthood.
They reached the highest speed of rotation in their lifetime.
At their maximum speed of rotation, these mature stars shoot out large amounts of stellar wind.
When these stellar winds pass through the star's magnetic field, they act as a brake on the star.
As a star ages, its rotation begins to slow down.
Kepler measures the speed of rotation of stars by tracking the appearance of identifiable sunspots, such as sunspots.
The latest set of rotation speed data indicates that the rotation speed of the more massive stars is slower than that of the less massive stars.
Rybl compared stars to dancers, with larger dancers spinning more slowly than smaller ones.
"In the" ballet performance "of the Pleiades cluster, we found that stars with slower rotation tend to be more massive, while those with the fastest rotation tend to be the lightest," says Mr Reble.
Because of its close proximity, the Pleiades cluster could serve as an ideal cosmic laboratory for comparing the mass of stars with the speed of rotation.
"The Pleiades cluster provides the foundation for theoretical models of two-way rotation of young and old stars," says Mr Reble.
We still have a lot to learn about how, when, and why stars slow down their rotation and "put away their dancing shoes."
Ribble and her colleagues detailed their latest analysis of the rotation speed of the star cluster in three new papers, which will soon be published in the Astronomical Journal.
Zheng Jianjun, head of the water management section of the South Lake Park, said that the deepest part of the South Lake is more than 10 meters, and those who do not understand the situation into the water are likely to be dangerous.
"Although the South Lake rescue team is very professional, but still hope that the vast number of boating tourists can wear life jackets, not to do illegal actions on the lake, safe play," Zheng said.
Weitou Village has a unique marine environment, sitting on the natural ecology and human ecology of the two major leisure tourism resources.
"However, individual owners who have purchased a space in a residential area, fearing that doing so would affect the rental price of their own space and suspecting that others are selfish, have been behind the vandalism, resulting in the parking space conversion being put on hold," he said.
As for the question of when and by whom the sweet potato was introduced, the academic community's argument is still complicated.
In the current more mainstream point of view, the introduction of sweet potato has three main lines.
The most influential and widespread of the three lines introduced by sweet potato is that Chen Zhenlong was introduced to Fuzhou by the Philippines.
From now on, the Beijing Municipal Office for the Administration of Social Organizations will carry out a special inspection on the use of unified receipts for membership dues of social organizations.
The inspection is divided into two types: unit self-examination and key spot check.
According to the official in charge of the municipal association office, the scope of this inspection includes the social organizations that received a unified receipt for membership fees from social organizations in the city from 2013 to 2015.
"The success of the Games is defined by the people who share their stories on social media," the Rio organising committee said in its Olympic communications strategy developed in 2012.
And from the coverage of the current Olympic Games, the media in the mode of communication, product form, language style, news perspective and many other aspects have made great changes than before.
The International Olympic Committee and media practitioners around the world, it seems, are ready to meet this challenge.
On August 11, Everbright Securities went into its final day of public offering of H shares. It was reported that market reaction was muted in the first two days of the offering. It is scheduled to be listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on August 18.
An analyst at a domestic brokerage said that Orient Securities was not on a good footing in Hong Kong and that its asset management business was the director of TSE, which appeared to be inherently inadequate compared with banks such as Bank of China International and CITIC Securities.
Experts pointed out that so far this year with the return of the stock market flat, many brokerage performance has declined, but the company's listing after the situation depends more on the development of the company's own business, can not be generalized.
The new regulation after the introduction of Suzhou will become the country's first to restart the purchase of second-tier cities.
The second-tier cities that have introduced or are about to introduce policies to regulate the property market include not only Suzhou, but also cities such as Hefei and Nanjing.
Hefei has already taken the lead in issuing a policy of loan restrictions, with banks refusing to provide mortgage services to buyers who have two suites under the name of Hefei and have an outstanding home loan.
