28-year-old chef found dead in a shopping mall in San Francisco
A 28-year-old chef who recently moved to San Francisco was found dead in the stairwell of a local mall this week.
But the victim's brother said that he could not think of anyone who would want to harm him, and said, "It's finally all right." ”
The San Francisco Coroner's office said the body found at the Tian Mall in Wednesday was confirmed as the 28-year-old San Francisco resident Frank in.
The San Francisco Police Department said the death case was found to be homicide and is under investigation.
The victim's brother, Louis in, told ABC's Radio KGO in San Francisco that Frank, who worked as a line chef in Boston, found an ideal job as a line chef at Sons & Daughters restaurant in San Francisco six months ago.
A spokesman for the Sons & Daughters restaurant said they were "very shocked" at Frank's death.
"We are a small team with a close family and we will miss him deeply," the spokeswoman said. ”
At this sad moment, we express our deepest sympathy and condolences to Frank's family and friends.
Louis in said that Frank had initially lived in a guest house, but recently "everything has finally come to a good end." ”
Louis in told KGO: "Frank found an apartment and was in a relationship with a girl." ”
Louis in said he could not think of anyone who would want to harm his brother.
Frank has a good heart and broad mind.
"Frank often cooks dinner for his family," says Louis in. ”
He never wants to quarrel with his family.
He is a man of opinion.
Louis in said: "Everything in the world can be wrong, but Frank is a diamond who shines every day." ”
For clues, please call the San Francisco police station to report 415-575-4444.
Primary doctor strike: Calls for New Labour action
The junior doctor's representative called on the Coalition to approve New Labour actions for new contract disputes.
The British Medical Association's junior Physician Committee will require all its members to start supporting more labour operations since early September.
The junior doctors committee said the ministers had not resolved their concerns about the contract.
Junior doctors and medical students voted in July to boycott the contract deal with the British Medical Association.
58% of the members participating in the vote objected to the contract transaction.
McCourt, chairman of the junior doctors committee, said in a letter to members in late Thursday that the government had "always remained silent" on issues that led to a boycott of the contract.
"In view of this, the Executive committee of the Junior Medical Council has voted to reject the proposed new contract in its entirety and to call for a renewed formal consultation on all concerns," she said. ”
In response to the government's reticence, the executive committee of the junior doctors committee today formally requested the Council of the British Medical Association to convene a special session to approve a long-term plan for the commencement of the upgrading of labour operations from early September.
The dispute has led to the participation of junior doctors in six strikes this year, including the first comprehensive strike in the history of the British National Health-care system.
Dr. Johann Malawana, a junior physician leader at the British Medical Association, resigned after the British Medical Association's proposed contract agreement was rejected by a vote.
At a meeting of 54,000 junior doctors and medical students before the polls, he told members of the British Medical Association that the deal was good and should be accepted.
After the vote, the health minister, Jeremy Hunt, said the contract would be enforced among health care workers in England.
Russia and Turkey: "Incompatible alliances"?
A gesture to end a crisis.
Russian and Turkish leaders met in Tuesday, shaking hands and announcing a formal end to eight months of fighting and economic sanctions.
However, when Vladimir Putin greeted the Turkish president in a magnificent hall in the palace of St. Petersburg, I had a strong feeling that the settlement was what Ankara would most like to see.
Yes, the two sides did shake hands.
However, even as Mr Putin's usual standard of restraint, Putin is only a shallow smile, almost no enthusiasm.
According to reports, Recep five times mentioned "good friend" Putin.
I can't remember.
At the same time, he promised that relations with Russia would return to pre-crisis levels, even to a higher level.
The next day, a newspaper here wrote that Mr Erdogan acted as if nothing had happened.
But I think his enthusiasm hints at something opposite.
However, Mr Putin's persistent indifference suggests that he has not forgotten anything.
In fact, the first thing he mentioned in his opening remarks was the cause of the crisis: Turkey shot down a Russian fighter plane on the Syrian border.
Moscow reacted violently.
Mr Putin lashed out at the incident, accusing Ankara of plotting against Moscow behind the scenes.
Attacks from so-called friends are more difficult to accept.
It is difficult, or impossible, to re-establish true trust.
Russian public opinion has also been reversed since November.
For months, the government-controlled media have made a shocking and all-out attack on Ankara.
Suddenly, the Turks seemed to be responsible for everything.
Among the most serious are accusations from senior officials: Mr Erdogan's family profited from the illegal oil deals in the so-called Islamic State-controlled Syrian region.
He has flatly denied such a statement.
However, the news from Fort Petersburg shows that it is time to look ahead.
After all, the meeting was premised on Mr. Putin's apology from Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan.
Russia can declare victory.
For Ankara, the benefits of a truce are obvious.
First, Mr Erdogan narrowly missed his ouster after the coup failed last month, so he needs the support of all his friends.
The ongoing terrorist attacks have obviously hit him hard.
There are also economic motives.
Russia has been hit hard by sanctions against Turkey, in particular by banning charter services that can send millions of of Russian tourists to the Turkish coast every year.
The figure has fallen by nearly 90%.
As the flight resumes, Russian travel agencies and charter companies will be relieved.
They will usher in the Mediterranean tourist season at the quarter.
State television even predicted this week that the price of fruits and vegetables would fall once Turkey's agricultural imports were reopened.
A report in Vedemosti, a Moscow newspaper, said: "The tourists are gone and the tomatoes are back." ”
For Moscow, the visit also has added political value.
Ankara was outraged by the West's faint reaction to takeover intentions.
In addition, Ankara is keen to take advantage of the political chill and weaken Turkey's relations with the West in a long period of frustration over the slow progress of joining the EU negotiations and Mr Putin's involvement.
With the election of the elected authorities after the failure of the coup, Russia's leaders will be given Ankara's bonus points.
Note that this is a gift to Moscow, which has been deeply rooted in the fear of regime change.
Thus, the meeting in this magnificent seaside palace has made Russia and Turkey an ally of two countries rejected and abused by the West, an analyst who described it as "incompatible alliances".
However, despite public reconciliation, there are still significant differences between the two sides.
Syria is one of the key factors. Moscow recently played the role of a peacemaker in Syria, while Russia and Turkey supported the opposing factions.
Predictably, after nearly three hours of preliminary talks, the two presidents said at the press conference that they had not yet talked about the topic.
The Turkish president deliberately sidestepped the issue of disagreement between the two sides, while Putin stressed it.
The two sides have not reached a clear consensus on how to disagree on Syria.
The resumption of dialogue between the two leaders is certainly a good thing, with the possibility of months of open hostility and a major catastrophe caused by the shooting down of Russian warplanes by Turkey, a member of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization.
Royal Bank of Scotland will no longer serve customers outside Scotland
According to RBS's chief executive, the bank will be reduced to a logistics unit.
Royal Bank of Scotland will no longer serve customers outside Scotland.
罗斯·麦克尤恩 told the BBC Scottish division that the Royal Bank of Scotland brand was committed to its global ambitions.
But eight years ago, the brink of collapse, had to accept the rescue from then on to abandon the pursuit.
During that time, brand strategists used ' RBS ' to protect other consumer financial brands.
The group has spent £ millions of to sponsor international sporting events, including the rugby six-nation tournament and Wimbledon tennis Championship champion Andy.
But now, the right thing to do is make more national brands emerge.
RBS will be used for Scottish customers but will not revert to the original.
In England and Wales, all references outside the headquarters and stock exchanges will be changed to the National Westminster Bank.
The Ulster Bank brand has been used to Ireland, Rep. Of customers in the Autonomous Region of Northern Ireland.
There are other, more prominent, smaller private banking brands, such as Guzi Bank, Adam & Co, Drummond and Holt ' s military bank.
Mr. McEwen was interviewed by clients and employees in Inverness County.
He told the BBC's Scottish division: "The Royal Bank of Scotland brand will eventually become our investor brand and one of the employees ' hired brands because we have become a bank with many brands in the larger sense." ”
As the bank itself becomes an international brand, RBS has become a global brand.
At present, I would like to say that we are no longer focused on the global, we have turned our eyes to the mainland.
Each brand represents a different industry, and our employees serve their customers through different brands.
RBS has indicated it will not continue to sponsor the six-nation championships and has tried to raise the profile of different brands in sporting events.
"It's time to become a multi-brand bank, because in private we have been exploring how to become a better bank to serve our customers," the chief executive said. ”
It would be ironic if we aspire to be a big bank with many brands three years ago.
We are now focusing on customer needs and I believe you have noticed these changes.
I think we can restart these brands and the time is right.
Daituri with the success of predilection in Newmarket career 3,000 win
Newmarket's two victories helped Daituri get a career 3,000 victory, after which he sprayed champagne to celebrate
In Friday, professional jockey Daituri (Frankie Dettori) made his 3rd, 000 victory in Newmarket (Newmarket).
He took the Gollsden (John Gosden) 's hand predilection on the road, the two victories in the evening, also to achieve a career 3,000 win.
The 45-year-old Italian is the sixth professional jockey who has achieved this milestone in the field.
The first five were: Gordon Richard (Gordon Richards), Doug (Doug Smith), Berge (Lester Piggott), Weideley (Pat eddery) and Jason (Willie Carson).
"This is special," said Daituri, a three-year champion jockey who won the Ghayyar earlier. ”
I'm excited because my family is on the scene.
I am pleased with what I have achieved in Newmarket because I started here 30 years ago.
This is not a large-scale Jockey club, nor is it the Royal Ascot, which is just an ordinary Friday night with 20,000 spectators.
I am gratified and humble.
Daituri in the victory after the predilection, causing the audience cheers
In the area of the barrier, two jockeys have made this achievement, respectively the champion jockey 理查德·约翰逊 (Richard Johnson) and now retired 20 champion McCoy (Anthony McCoy) jazz, of which Sir McCoy has scored more than 4 in his record-breaking career, 300 victories.
Berge, a nine-year-German champion, won 4,493 victories in his career.
Daituri is one of the best jockeys in the contemporary era, so it is not surprising that he has achieved this milestone, not many people have achieved it before.
He is fashionable and robust, but what really makes him stand out in the weighing room is his tactical rationality.
He is a great equestrian ambassador, and over the years his enthusiasm and charisma have attracted a lot of fans for the sport.
A few weeks ago, I told Daituri in Epsom that if he wasn't just a weekend and a big-game jockey, he should have won 6,000 victories!
Seriously, Daituri is the best equestrian winner in 30 years in Britain.
He was lively, and that was a good thing for the British horse race, but beyond that he was an incredible jockey.
Daituri celebrates the milestone with its iconic jump-dismount action
For 20 years, Daituri has been a typical representative of the British Land race field, from jumping lines to jumping off the ground.
His career is like a roller coaster.
He won several championships, including the famous "Seven winning streak" in 1996 at the Royal Love Club, but he also suffered a crash and was banned for taking the banned drugs.
Three years ago, when he returned to the game after the end of the six-month cut-off period, he struggled. However, he showed an astonishing character advantage and finally returned to the top, giving blow to those who were skeptical.
He may not be able to do it for a long time-Daituri has said before that he wants to be at least 50 years old.
Russian President Vladimir Putin relieves Sergei Office director
Vladimir Putin, Russia's president, unexpectedly relieved Sergei (Sergei Ivanov) of the presidency of the Office of the Chief of staff.
Mr Ivanov has been a member of the core group that Mr Putin has trusted for years.
Mr Ivanov, now 63, has been appointed Special Representative on environment and transport.
A statement from the Kremlin said Mr. Putin had "announced the release of the Office of the Chief of the Russian president of Ivanov," but gave no reason.
安东·瓦伊诺 (Anton Vaino), who became deputy to Mr. Ivanov in 2012, has been appointed as his successor.
Mr. Vaino, 44 years old, is a former diplomat.
Born in 1972 in Tallinn, the capital of Estonia, he graduated from the prestigious Moscow State Institute for International Relations (MGIMO) and worked at the embassy in Tokyo.
Later, he managed the presidential draft and government employees, the Kremlin's website (using Russian) said.
After his appointment, he said to Mr Putin: "Thank you for your trust." ”
I think the government's most important task is to support the heads of State in drafting laws and controlling the implementation of directives.
Mr. Putin told Russian television in Friday that Mr. Ivanov himself had asked to resign and recommended Mr. Vaino to take over.
Is such a smile convincing?
Moscow was puzzled by the move.
Sergei has long been one of Mr Putin's closest aides, working for the Soviet Security Service (KGB), as did Mr Putin.
As Director of the office, he was one of the most influential people in the country.
At a meeting with President Putin on state television, both men said the chief executive himself had asked to resign.
Although smiling in front of the camera, few people are convinced-especially before the parliamentary elections.
So, is this the result of a defeat in some sort of power struggle?
It is not yet known.
But the official claim that a man who was once seen as a candidate for the presidency suddenly chose to take charge of the environmental policy of Russia has aroused much scepticism.
The Kremlin website quotes Mr. Ivanov's dialogue with Mr Putin, saying: "Yes, at the beginning of 2012, I asked you to give me this difficult position in a conversation, even a troublesome position, a four-year term." "
"As a result, I have served as director of the president's Office for 4 years and eight months. "
Mr. Ivanov held the post in December 2011.
Prior to that, he served as Deputy Prime Minister and Secretary of Defense.
He is a member of the Russian Security Council, as well as former members of the National Security Service, like Mr Putin.
Mr. Ivanov was appointed as his deputy in the late 1990s when Mr. Putin served as director of the Federal Security Service (FSB, formerly the National Security Agency).
After Mr Putin came to power, he appointed Mr. Ivanov one of the five most trusted.
It was once thought that Mr Ivanov might be the president of Russia after Mr Putin's second term, since the third term is unconstitutional.
But the position is ultimately vested in Mr Putin's other close aide, Dmitry Dmitry.
Mr Putin served as Russia's prime minister before he was back in office after 3.5.
Mysterious fish discovered Banff a garden
A resident of Banff discovered that fish had found its own garden and had subsequently sent for help.
Kevin Bain thinks the 75 fish may be the sand eel that was blown by a tornado in the sea.
Mr. Bain, who lives about 500 metres from the Sea, released a video of the bizarre scene on Periscope, hoping someone could explain to him why these two-inch fish were present.
The Queensferry Bridge is now in Fife.
The £ 1.35 billion project is scheduled to be completed in May 2017
Engineers have connected the North Bridge of the Queensferry Bridge (Queensferry Crossing) to the viaduct, which means that it is now in Fife.
The closure of the "bridge deck fan" near the three bridgehead of each bridge is nearing completion and the project is headed for a closed bridge.
The bridge starting in Fife is 600 metres long and weighs 30,000 tonnes.
It uses 10,000 metric tons of steel, 20,000 metric tons of concrete and 46 diagonal cables.
The £ 1.35 billion BN project is scheduled to be completed in May 2017.
Keith Brown, the economics minister, visited the scene today as one of the first people to board the bridge, 基思·布朗.
"This is a historic moment in the construction process of the Queensferry Bridge," he said. "
We have all witnessed the engineering work on such a grand project, which uses more than 30,000 metric tons of concrete and steel in this section of the bridge.
Although the bridge is large in size and weight, the closure between the viaduct and the bridge requires meticulous work and very precise assembly.
In general, nearly 79% of the total bridge deck is now installed, the last section of the bridge deck concrete bridge today in Rosyth pouring, that is, all the decks are ready.
Queensferry Bridge Construction Company project director Michael Martin said: "No matter which bridge project, the first closure is a major milestone." "
In terms of this remarkable project, the closure shows the frontier of civil engineering technology.
After installing the last section of the pavement and connecting it to the enlarged North Bridge pavement, the remainder of the remaining gap on either side or near the land will need to be closed.
The completion of this operation requires the North elevated approach to move south 700 mm.
It was a huge operation and a very sophisticated one.
It is large because the viaduct is 222 metres long and weighs about 6,000 tonnes and needs to pull out a slope of about 3%.
It is precise because the engineering team needs to make sure that the deviations are very small, with only a few millimeters on each side.
Thankfully, everything went well.
西蒙·拜尔斯 Picks Women gymnastics all-around champion
Forget about stress.
Forget about hype.
西蒙·拜尔斯 (Simone Biles) is not affected by all this.
The vault was full of vigor.
On the balance beam.
The floor exercises are stunning.
The overall performance is excellent.
Now, finally, became the Olympic champion.
The 19-year-old American gymnast picked up all-around in Thursday and showcased her talent for the world in gymnastics in the Olympic arena.
She has a 62.198 overall score far beyond the silver medalist, the "Ultimate Five" (final Five) player Lesman (Aly Raisman) and bronze medalist Mustafina (Aliya Mustafina).
Simon Byers, from the United States, performed the balance beam on the women's personal all-around finals at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, in Thursday.
Byers to help the United States team in the Olympic Games women's gymnastics to achieve four consecutive championships, she personally in the Olympic Games won five medals, further confirmed that she is this generation, also may be history, the best gymnasts.
When see oneself total score of that moment, Byers can't help shed tears. She finally ended the long journey.
Byers is thus among the "athletes of the past decades", like Michael Phelps, who have promoted their sports to new heights:
Byers has been dominating the tournament for the last three years, winning 15 world championships, including 10 gold medals. She trained hard every day to achieve higher accuracy. "Byers is the best gymnast I've ever seen," said Mary Lou Retton, 1984 Olympic champion 玛莉·卢·雷顿. ”
There is still one last game in Brazil, but it is not so much a contest as Byers and other gymnasts, but a contest between herself and the pressure of great expectations.
If Byers does not have a full gold medal back at her home in Texas Springs, everyone will be very disappointed.
西蒙·拜尔斯 (left) and Lesman, from the United States, embraced each other in August (Thursday) at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, for the women's individual all-around finals with gold and silver medals respectively.
Byers won the first gold medal in Tuesday, giving the retiring national coach Caroli (Martha Karolyi) a surprise farewell gift.
Although Bairstine says he has no plans for the future in the course of the perennial title, it is not entirely true.
The part of Byers's floor exercise--including her iconic, Rolling series, was accompanied by Latin music, which she heard in the middle of a street from the Rio Olympic Stadium.
This is no coincidence.
The girl who was adopted by his grandparents during his infancy and was found by the mother of Coach 艾米·伯尔曼 (Aimee Boorman) during a field trip to the stadium has now grown into a backbone.
Since the summer of 2013, Byers has not lost in the all-around game, if want to win, she will definitely win.
Mustafina a slight lead after two rotations is just an illusion.
The balance beam and floor exercise two-item defending world champion Byers ambush to wait.
Her balance beam scored 15.433 and the floor was 15.933.
While waiting for the final score to come out, Lesman gently hugged Byers. When Byers learned of his dream to achieve the results, immediately left tears.
Lesman's performance was a bit like revenge for four years ago, when she tied third, but lost to Mustafina in the winning innings.
But this time, the 22-year-old captain, nicknamed "Granny" by the Americans, is far ahead.
She blew kisses at the end of the floor and declared her return, but the return sometimes seemed questionable.
Byers is only 19 years old. From earlier this week, the news spread viral on Twitter. In the case of Byron, his life has been endowed with new meaning.
6-year-old Mahaj Brown was spared in the Philadelphia shootings.
Police say a six-year-old boy was shot in Philadelphia, a six-year-old child in the city's second shot this week.
The child's grandparents confirmed to CBS Philadelphia that the child being shot was Mahaj Brown.
Brown's groin, legs, arms and abdomen have multiple gunshot wounds, they say, but the child is awake on the way to the hospital.
"He's had a lot of sins and his little body was riddled with bullets," his grandmother Delores Melendez told the television.
I can't believe it.
The boy was in a critical condition at the hospital and had been undergoing several surgeries.
His family told the TV station that children are expected to recover.
He was supposed to start his first grade in a local primary school.
Brown is one of four people who were shot in the Germantown area.
Of the other three people who were shot, two were 29 years old and one 32 years old.
According to CBS Philadelphia, one of the 29-year-old victims was in critical condition and two other victims were in stable condition.
Television said the child and the 29-year-old victim was found in the front seat of the car.
The other two were not in the car and the police were investigating whether the gunman was among the injured.
Investigators told CBS Philadelphia that it looked like multiple gunmen had exchanged fire.
Many of the shells of offensive weapons were found at the scene, which could be inferred that they were using different offensive weapons.
Judging from this, this is undoubtedly a continuous war.
There are shells on the sidewalks on both sides of the street.
"Therefore, it can be seen that at that time there were many armed men in a state of fierce fighting," Philadelphia Police Commissioner Anthony Ginaldi told television.
A number of buildings and vehicles have been damaged in the area.
No arrests have been made, and police are said to be watching surveillance footage.
In Tuesday, a six-year-old child (girl) was shot in the arm by a stray bullet while playing at the doorstep of the Oak Lane community in West.
She is recovering and the police are still chasing suspects.
Why do we need Simon, Gabrielle and Laurie?
That's why I'm judging this year's women's Olympic gymnastics team for more than one reason.
First of all, since 1984, I have been to every Summer Olympics, but the United States has never been such a dominant position.
Second, the gymnastics team has three excellent gymnasts-西蒙·拜尔斯 (Simone Biles), 加布丽埃勒·道格拉斯 (Gabby Douglas) and 劳瑞·埃尔南德斯 (Lauren Laurie Hernandez), They have been inspiring many colored girls.
The composition of this team has made everyone proud, as it contains the Jewish 阿里·莱斯曼 (Aly Raisman) and the Catholic Madison Chian (Madison Kocian).
The team finally looks like the American team.
It also cemented the pinnacle of black and Hispanic women in the sport.
The leading female gymnasts have been African-American for the past four years.
Last year, Simon and Gabrielle the first and second place.
That's too bad.
The last Olympic Games, 加布丽埃勒·道格拉斯 "unexpectedly" became the Olympic champion, which cheered the United States.
Today, the world can witness three world champion 西蒙·拜尔斯, Douglas and 劳瑞·埃尔南德斯 fantastic performance. They performed the usual gymnastics skills.
In Thursday, Simon helped the United States to achieve four consecutive championships in women's individual all-around projects.
Her teammate 阿里·莱斯曼 the silver medal.
We climbed to the top of the sport, but not in the American gymnastics class.
The way Simon, Gabrielle and Laurie entered the Olympic team was the same as Ali and Madison.
They are the "Ultimate Five" (final Five), because the next Olympic gymnastics team will be composed of four gymnasts, this is Marta Karolyi last year to teach.
But the reality is, gymnastics is an expensive sport in which gymnasts are trained mainly in private gymnastics clubs, and their parents need to pay for training, facilities, travel, clothing, competitions and hotel fees (including the costs of coaches and gymnasts and their families), and the list of costs is increasing.
Most of the gymnastics clubs are located in affluent suburbs that can support the industry.
All of the gymnasts ' training is done at these clubs and is a long and expensive expense for gymnasts ' families.
Byers's coach 艾米·伯尔曼 (Aimee Boorman) and Hernandez's coach Maggie Haney have been coaching them since the two gymnasts began practicing gymnastics.
We must bring more affordable, more accessible gymnastics training to countless young girls affected by Simon, Gabrielle and Laura.
20 years ago, I set up my own gymnastics foundation.
In my organization, we offer free, inexpensive gymnastics to more than 15,000 urban youths (mostly black and Hispanic Americans) in black neighborhoods, and to develop national and even world champions.
In September, we will expand to Detroit (my hometown) to provide high-quality gymnastics to those who deserve this learning opportunity and who will benefit from this remarkable Olympic campaign.
Gymnastics can help to cultivate the strength, flexibility and coordination of the body, but also help to cultivate hard-working spirit, self-discipline and determination.
These can lead to lifelong benefits for a person's health, education, and success in work.
Inspired by this team, thousands of young girls will learn gymnastics, which is really great.
Participation in sports is significant, especially for girls.
It was an exciting moment.
Thanks to Simon, Ali, Laurie, Gabrielle and Madison for the "Girl power" that has been shown in winning the Olympic team gold medals, and for inspiring young girls with so many backgrounds to open the path to health, greatness and success.
After dismissing the Jeremy proposal, the junior doctors plan to initiate a further strike
The ministers initially wanted to end the change-induced dispute by accepting a revised contract from the British Medical Association (BMA) officials, but 58% of the 37,000 junior doctors who voted were against the contract.
In July, Mr. Hunter revealed plans to enforce the contract, saying that the NHS is currently in a "vacuum zone" and that a slight delay would hurt the interests of employees and patients.
The new contract first mentions changes in the working practices of primary doctors overnight and weekend to improve the care of irregular working hours.
In a statement last night, Dr. Ellen McCourt, chairman of the BMA Junior Physician Committee, said: "There is still serious concern among junior physicians about the proposed contract, especially in the interest that it will exacerbate the current labour crisis and not treat all doctors fairly." ”
It's only eight weeks before the first doctor signs the new contract and we need to make progress.
BMA tried to resolve the dispute through negotiations, but everyone was unwilling to participate, and sometimes the government responded with silence.
Still, last month, we got Jeremy's promise, saying that his door was always open.
"Jeremy now needs to take action to eliminate enforcement and address the concerns of junior doctors."
If he does not, the junior doctors make it clear that they are ready to take further labor action.
The last strike, which occurred at the end of April, resulted in nearly 13,000 routine surgeries and 100,000 appointment delays, as nurses and consultants covered the picket line for doctors.
The ministers initially hoped to end the dispute caused by the change by accepting BMA's revised contract.
BMA hopes to secure better weekend pay for the 54,000 junior doctors involved in the contract.
Daniel Mortimer, chief executive of NHS Employers, called on junior doctors to stop any further strikes.
Mr Mortimer said: "The effect of the labour action is minimal, but it will put pressure on the teams and services already devoted to them, causing worries, worries and confusion among patients, nursing staff and their families." ”
Over the past two months, we have been negotiating with the junior doctors ' committee, and have been actively responding to their concerns about the role of guardians and the disclosure of their complaints with the Ministry of Health and other departments.
Employers want to continue to actively explore other important topics, such as deployment, the flexibility of training, the cost of other training, training, common recognition of curriculum outlines, continuing education leave and gender wage differentials in the medical field are illustrated by employers, the Health education organization of England (Health Education England and the Ministry of Health attached great importance to the agreements reached with BMA in November, February and May.
2 pounds of drugs a day can reduce the risk of heart attack.
Officials suggest that a drug of 2 pounds a day be extended to more patients and to take longer, and thousands of heart patients will benefit from the drug.
Anticoagulant drug Ticagrelor (ticagrelor) can reduce the risk of heart disease recurrence in patients with heart disease.
The drug, which lasts for 12 months after a heart attack, can reduce the risk of another stroke or heart attack.
The National Institute of Health and Clinical optimization (NICE), a regulator of the NHS, advises patients to continue taking four years to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease.
But now, the NHS regulator, Nice, recommends that patients continue to take four years of medication to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease.
In England, about 140,000 people suffer from heart disease each year, and One-fourth continue to suffer from heart attacks or strokes.
Heart attacks and strokes are caused by the accumulation of fatty matter in the arterial wall.
If the plaque is broken, it can lead to thrombosis, which in turn hinders blood flow to the heart, leading to heart attack.
If the thrombus moves, it enters the bloodstream, hindering blood flow to the brain and causing a stroke.
Patients who have experienced a heart attack have a higher risk of heart attack.
Ticagrelor is made by the British company AstraZeneca (AstraZeneca), which is marketed in the name of Linda (Brilique), which reduces the risk of developing the disease by reducing thrombosis.
The nice draft guidelines, released today, recommend that patients take the ticagrelor for 12 months, taking 60mg Ticagrelor and two aspirin a day for three years.
Professor Carole Longson, director of the Nice Health Technology Assessment Center, said: "Despite effective two-level preventive treatment, up to one-fourth patients with a history of heart attack relapse or stroke, often with serious consequences." ”
Fear of recurrence can have a great negative impact on a person's quality of life.
Evidence suggests that taking ticagrelor with aspirin can effectively reduce the risk of heart disease recurrence and stroke in patients who experience a heart attack.
We are pleased that the temporary recommendation for Ticagrelor will provide more treatment options for thousands of people who benefit.
Given the limited information about the efficacy and safety of Ticagrelor in three years, especially the risk of bleeding, the draft guidance does not recommend continuing treatment after that period.
Computer culture makes "electoral fraud" prevalent in Muslim areas
Tower Hamlets, former mayor of Lutfur Rahman, was sacked last year for corruption, prompting a government report.
The culture of "political correctness" has led to the blindness of electoral fraud prevalent in Muslim communities, as the government's report, which is destructive, is revealed today.
Sir 埃里克·皮克尔斯, the former cabinet secretary, has accused the police, the election regulator and the city hall of ignoring the evidence of the misuse of the election because of "overly sensitive to ethnicity and religious issues".
The former Minister of Community Affairs, the current anti-corruption chief, said the practice of intimidation of voters by religious positions was bad and that police should be allowed to set up a cordon outside polling stations to protect frightened voters.
He advises voters to carry identity documents to prove their identity.
At present, voters only need to quote their name and address.
The report even suggests wiping out ink on voters ' fingers to prevent people from voting two times.
Sir Eric said the protection of whistleblowers should be stepped up.
He called for an increase in the media's access to parliamentary documents and decisions made by non-official committees or working groups.
"It's not just to prevent electoral fraud, but to protect local governments from widespread corrupt culture and the toxic financial scams that are closely linked to them," he said.
The report was requested by Downing Street after the Tower hamlets election scandal in Eastlondon.
Last year, a special election court ruled that there was a series of corruption and illegal acts in the mayor's office, and should be dismissed.
The court found that Mr. Rahman was "very ridiculously abusing" the religious sentiments of the Muslim community and kept silent about his accusations of racism and Islamophobia.
It is said that Rahman "declared his vote in the campaign as a religious obligation of loyal Muslims." ”
As many as 300 ballot papers are doubtful, voters may be counterfeited by others to vote.
Sir Eric says there is evidence that electoral fraud has been found all over the country.
In particular, he warned of the mailing of electoral fraud, where senior members of the Muslim community were said to have pressured voters to vote for their designated candidates.
Sir Eric (in the photo) has given a number of suggestions for clearing the voting mechanism, including the identification of identity documents to prove his identity.
"The evidence indicates that senior members, particularly in Pakistan and Bangladesh, have put pressure on the disadvantaged groups of minority communities, especially women and young people, to vote on their own volition," he said in his report. ”
"Because they are overly sensitive to racial divisions and religious ' political correctness ', they fear that state institutions will turn a blind eye to such behaviour." ”
Sir Eric proposed 50 proposals to clean up the voting system, including banning political activists from sending ballot papers to prevent "voting gains".
The report also requires strict checks on registration information to prevent voter rosters from being used for immigration and welfare fraud. Theresa (Theresa May) is also considering the report.
These proposals include requiring electors to show their identity cards before voting.
After the vote, the voter's fingers were smeared with indelible ink to prevent a two-time vote.
Systematic verification of voters ' ethnic affiliation to ensure voter eligibility.
Limit the validity of the automatic Mail poll request to three years.
Political activists and activists are barred from handling completed mailings and mailing ballot envelopes.
Authorized police to set up a cordon around the polling station.
The amendment of the legal provisions makes it easier to charge the persons concerned with intimidation in accordance with the 1983 People's Representative act (Representation of the People Act 1983).
It is illegal to take pictures at a polling station.
It is stipulated that only English (except Wales) can be used at polling stations.
(a) Strengthen training to ensure that staff members strictly implement the provisions of the "voter-independent vote-room".
Sir Eric denounced the Metropolitan Police (metropolitan Police), saying they were "surprised" that no criminal charges had been filed after the Tower hamlets incident.
"There are a lot of corruption and irregularities in Mr. Rahman and his election officers, and are therefore disqualified from the electoral court," he said.
He was guilty in many ways, in accordance with the standards of criminal proof.
He also criticized the City Hall election registration department as "check box".
"Last year the court sounded a wake-up call on Tower Hamlets's verdict," said Sir Eric. ”
Our country has a glorious tradition of "the Mother of parliament", but it is a matter of concern and threat to the good reputation of some institutions in the private and furtive conduct of electoral fraud and subsequent repudiation.
The contestants who look like Kate Middleton's cyclists and other celebrities in the Rio Olympics have been courted.
The French cyclist 波林·费朗德·普雷沃 (Pauline Ferrand Prevot), who looks like Kate Middleton in the 2016 Rio Olympics this week, was eagerly sought after by viewers.
But the 24-year-old is not the only gold medalist in this summer's Olympics, at least not by social media.
So, to commemorate the Rio Olympics and all the celebrity faces appearing on the screen at that time, FEMAIL sorted out a list of the Olympians who had bumped into Hollywood stars.
Hunter and Wolf: American male archery player 布莱迪·埃里森 (Brady Ellison) (left) from childhood to Leonardo DiCaprio (Leonardo DiCaprio)
In addition to the contestants who hit Kate on the bike track, many netizens quickly discovered that an archer was a twin brother of Leonardo DiCaprio.
The American male archery 布莱迪·埃里森 has caused a great stir in social media since his photograph of the Wall, the Wolf of the Wall Street, has been exposed to Twitter.
In fact, the Archer sensed the hype of social media and admitted that small people said they looked like little plums.
"I don't think it looks like anything other than a beard," Brady told the Huffington Post (Huffington Post).
"He's a good-looking playboy, so I guess it's a compliment." ”
One of the most popular contrasts in the 2012 London Olympics will no doubt be found in more similarities this year: The British long jumper 格雷格·卢瑟福 (Greg Rutherford) looks like a famous actor Harris (Neil Patrick Harris).
Mustafina (Aliya Mustafina), a Russian gymnast with big, talking eyes, was said to resemble Cuban-American singer 格洛丽亚·埃斯特凡 (Gloria Estefan).
In swimming, for years, South African swimmer 卡梅伦·范德伯格 (Cameron van der Burgh) has been compared to "Glee" (Glee) starring Matthew Morrison (Matthew Morrison).
Dress up: The user thinks Yi Jia Jun (Nathan Adrian) is the "sports version" of the "Inception" (Inception) actor.
Another pair of old men were compared to tennis star Nadal (Rafael Nadal) and actor Hartnett (Josh Hartnett), whose eyebrows and lips looked alike.
Russian swimmer Effimo (Yulia Efimova) and actor 安娜丽尼·麦考德 (AnnaLynne McCord) have the same bronze skin and blonde hair, while the American team's Yi Jia Jun is likened to "the sporty version of 约瑟夫·高登·莱维特" (Joseph Gorgon Levitt) ".
Female man: Soccer star 霍普·索罗 (Hope Solo) (left) and "bloodthirsty forensic" (Dexter) actor 珍妮弗·卡彭特 (Jennifer Carpenter) (right) with similar face shape and eyes
Not the only one: a Twitter user is happy to find that other people have seen these similarities
Communication theory: According to the user, this pair looks like maybe there's a reason.
One Twitter user recently happily claimed online that "other netizens also think 霍普·索罗 and 珍妮弗·卡彭特 actually look exactly the same." ”
Indeed, the American football star and the bloodthirsty M.E. have a very similar face and eyes.
Other popular comparisons include 克丽·沃尔什·詹宁斯 (Kerri Walsh· Jennings), her smile almost the same as the actress Laura Catherine (Laura Linney), and the gold-medal gymnast 盖比·道格拉斯 (Gabby Douglas), her beautiful and brilliant smile and "glamour" (Bring It on Star) Star Gabrielle (Gabrielle Union) smiles the same.
CBC Olympic commentator apologizes for Chinese swimmer's "slow like a pig" comment
Wednesday, 拜伦·麦克唐纳 (Byron MacDonald) to the 14-year-old teenager Ai Ying with the fourth place of the female 4x200 rice freestyle relay race angered by watching the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC) Olympic live broadcast audience
An announcer at the Canadian Broadcasting company CBC said the 14-year-old Chinese swimmer was forced to apologize after the "start of a race that was faster than the stench" and ended "as slow as a pig".
Narrator 拜伦·麦克唐纳 at the end of the women's 4x200 freestyle relay finals when he thought his microphone had been turned off.
"The 14-year-old Chinese girl made a stupid mistake," said Byron, who was told by the CBC commentator team, who wore the "tinted glasses" commentary. ”
Being so excited, I began to travel faster than the stench, but later I was as slow as a pig.
Thanks to her.
The 14-year-old Chinese swimmer, Ai Ying, has a second-best tour, with 1 minutes and 57 seconds 79--泰勒·拉克 (Taylor ruck) 1.61 seconds behind Canada, which narrows the gap with China.
The entire Canadian audience was surprised by the narrator's tone and wording, and they quickly reacted on the internet.
Emmett Macfarlane, the CBC commentator, said that China's 14-year-old swimmer was ' slow as a pig '??? ”
The idiot didn't realize it was on the live.
"The 14-year-old Chinese girl made a stupid mistake," the Chinese teenager Ai Ying, who participated in the final of the women's 4x200 freestyle relay race, included this description. ”
Twitter's criticisms of 拜伦·麦克唐纳 have been sweeping over Twitter, and many have asked them to withdraw from the commentary.
When Twitter users heard that 拜伦·麦克唐纳 was unresponsive, they didn't stop there.
Another Twitter user, Sarah Paradis, wrote, "Wow, 拜伦·麦克唐纳."
You represent CBC and Canada, and your words and deeds make us all sound like a bunch of racist people. #真令人讨厌.
Soon after, CBC radio host Scott Russell apologized for his comments in the broadcast, saying: "We apologize for the commentary on the performance of the live swimmer." ”
"We are sorry for the untimely wording." ”
CBC apologizes to Twitter users who responded to the comments more than 90 times
Another commentator, Scott Russell, also apologized to Byron.
CBC then copied their apology to the other 90 Twitter users who protested the Byron commentary.
The channel also quickly apologized and issued a statement.
We are very sorry to say this and live out the broadcast.
Last night, we took swift action to apologize to viewers who watched our live audience and to our audience in social media.
It should be explained that Byron's explanation is for swimmers, but not for her personally.
That is to say, the wording is indeed inappropriate, and Byron is deeply sorry.
In the afternoon of Thursday, MacDonald apologized on the live, saying that his words did not mean any personal attack, and tried to justify his remarks.
"I'd like to take some time to apologize for what I said last night in the end of the women's relay race," he says on the CBC Olympic relay.
"I'm just commenting on swimmers ' performance, not personal." ”
"Of course, I have no disrespect for the meaning, I am sorry. ”
Primark customer expressed anger at a woman who brazenly tried to wear underwear in the center of the shop
A woman in a Primark shop in the central spot strip test underwear, the shop customers do not know where to look.
To make things worse, she looked at how she looked when she put it on, then took her panties off and put it back on the shelf.
She went on to browse the shelves and eventually tried on four underpants in the store at the Bouverie Place Mall in Folkestone.
The woman tried to wear underwear in the Primark store at the Bouverie Place Mall in Folkestone and put it back on the shelves.
Jenny Davidson (two children's mother), who was also in the store, said that after trying on her underwear, the mysterious woman "dressed again and went out of the store and bought nothing." ”
"No one can believe what they have seen," she said. ”
She was standing in the middle of the store, taking a pair of panties off the shelves, stripping off her tights and panties, and then putting them on.
"She didn't try to find a hidden place to try on--she just stood there, really cheeky. ”
When she took off her panties again, everyone was stunned. Apparently, she was still dissatisfied because she put her panties back on the shelves. ”
After that, she tried three like this, and finally found out that she didn't like it, then dressed again and went out of the shop.
"She doesn't seem to care that someone is looking at her--or that she's not going to end up buying the panties she's trying to get through," she said. ”
Ms. Davidson, who lives in Kent town (33 years old), said: "It's disgusting to think that someone will buy underwear that other people have walked through and have not been washed." ”
It happened in the afternoon of Tuesday.
Ms. Davidson added: "After she left, it was obvious that the clerk had to deal with the underwear." ”
"I hate to buy a new pair of underwear and find another woman trying to cross it and not being washed." ”
"Primark already knows what happened in our Folkestone shop August 9 (Tuesday)," said a spokesman for Primark. ”
All the problematic goods have been under the shelves.
How to protect yourself with the use of gamma in a gun attack
The world is dangerous, but this video on DailyMail. com may give you a sense of security.
We consulted the master Rhon Mizrachi of New York's Krav Maga Federation to learn how to deal with gunmen at close range.
Whether he is close to you from the front or behind, the video will teach you how to defeat.
Mizrachi said that if the shooter approached you from behind, the first thing you had to do was turn around so that you could see the attacker and "clear the line".
Then, hold the gun with your forearm and shoulder and hit the attacker on the face with your elbow.
Then with the knee on his groin, when the attacker bent over with pain, he reversed his gun, hit him in the face with the barrel and the backing gun, and kept the weapon on him.
If the gunman comes in from the front, it also uses a similar technique--to keep your body out of the firing line, grab the gun and twist the muzzle so that the shooter doesn't fire.
At the same time, press the weight on the gun and hit the attacker on the chest and twist the muzzle from his clenched hand and then point the muzzle at him.
Sounds complicated?
Check out the video to see what Mizrachi is doing.
But remember, if you're not the master of the Gamma, the safest way to get out of a robbery is to hand over the cash.
A family of rogue families destroyed a low-rent house in Sortas, Cornwall, before being deported.
A family of rogue families who had been evicted for threatening their neighbours had damaged their low-rent housing before leaving, costing 50000 of pounds.
After a long list of complaints, Tanya Skeldon and her husband, Shaun Trebilcock, were evicted from a low-rent house in the Cornish County of Sortas.
After being forcibly removed from the residence, housing association officials were surprised to find that there had been serious damage.
The walls were full of holes, the floors torn, the rubbish strewn all over the floor, the walls smeared with clutter.
After being expelled, the family has been moving and is said to be living in a private house.
Donna McEvoy, housing manager at Cornwall County Housing Association, said she feared the house could not be saved.
"It's a nightmare for people who live here, and I don't think people can live like this," she said. ”
There are a lot of things to weigh now, because this House is likely to become a bad element in Cornwall.
The family is notorious and their names are equally notorious.
The couple had three sons and they would live here from time out. Police said the family's terrorist acts include the use of baseball bats in the streets to fight, intimidation of nearby residents, drugs, drug trafficking, shouting, quarrels and swearing.
In June, the 47-year-old tenant named Skeldon received a resolution on anti-social behavior.
In a house that could be demolished, many of the rooms are long rubbish.
In this room where the drugs were traded, the floors were lifted.
Neighbors say they often see them fighting in the streets, and they often call the police
After giving them a 11-week extension, the Cornish Housing Society forced her and her husband to drive away from the house this week.
The neighbors, who finally breathed a sigh of joy, said that life had been a living hell.
"They don't care about anyone," said one neighbour. ”
We've lived next door to them for 20 years, and it's been so bad.
We've seen the police countless times.
"We couldn't sleep this morning." ”
We got up early because it was so quiet-we weren't used to it!
It's very kind of them to leave at last.
Fitzpatrick, the Community executive manager of the Cornish Housing Society, said the family had failed to cooperate with the local government.
The family lived in the house for 20 years and the police often visited
Rubbish and old toys were tossed over the overgrown side of the low-rent rent
He added: "It is regrettable that the tenant has not been held responsible for the conduct of her family and the expulsion is the last thing considered by the Cornwall Housing Association." ”
This is a very difficult case to deal with, because their behavior is very extreme, and what they do must make the neighbors feel extremely terrified.
I am thankful for the work done by my team and thanks to the Devon and Cornwall Police as well as the community members who are brave enough to provide us with information.
I hope this will bring some comfort to our neighbors and convey the message that we are not tolerant of anti-social behaviour.
Mr Fitzpatrick says three of their sons lived in the house at different times, but said they were only more than 20 years old.
After they were driven away, one of the bedroom floors was littered with a dirty mattress.
Housing association workers will soon be cleaning up piles of rubbish around the house
In 2014, police raided the house, found more than 70 grams of cannabis, and found scales, drug paraphernalia and 1,700 pounds of cash.
After pleading guilty, Skeldon was fined for possessing class B drugs and drug trafficking.
She claims that the money was used to buy gravestones for the son Lee Skeldon, who died in a car accident in 2013.
It is understood that after homeless, Tanya and her husband now live in a private house in Plymouth.
The walls of the house were painted with graffiti.
Police said they would expel tenants who defied tenant rules.
Angela Crow, of Devon and the Cornish Police Department, said the eviction sent a clear warning to other tenants who continued to defy tenant rules.
"The warning is for people who think their actions are not being blamed, and those who have been devastated by this behavior," she said.
Devon and Cornwall Police will never tolerate crime and anti-social behaviour, and they'll continue to work with partners to protect our communities.
Reid: Hillarijo elected president will nominate Garland to the Supreme Court
Harry Reid, the Senate Democratic leader, said he was convinced that if Hillary Clinton, the Democratic presidential candidate, was elected president, she would nominate Garland (Merrick Garland) to the Supreme Court.
Senate Republicans have blocked confirmation of Garland since President Barack Obama nominated Garland in March.
Senate Majority Leader McConnell Mitch McConnell said the next president will choose this person to replace the late Supreme Court Judge Scalia (Antonin Scalia).
Reid said in a conference call in Thursday that he predicted Hillary would choose "some credibility" garland.
A spokeswoman for Reed said later that Reed did not talk directly to Hillary about whether he would nominate Garland and said he was just guessing.
He praised Rand and said Hillary's team did not want to "disrupt" the new candidate.
Garland is the chief judge of the United States Columbia, Dist. OF Federal Circuit appeals court.
Mr. Reid said the Republicans who blocked the nomination of Garland were the "doting" and "achievers" of the Republican presidential candidate, Donald Trump.
He said that Trump was not fit to be president.
"Treats": Nude Calendar "men and women alike"
Treats magazine will join hands with photographer David Bellemere in a 2017-year calendar of inspiration from the the 1970s Pirelli.
This time, they plan to find a new generation of top models for their 2017 NU muses calendar, rather than a famous nude person.
Steve Shaw, president of treats, said earlier this year that their nude magazines differed from the old-fashioned playboy, because "the latter is for men." ”
And we face women.
Obviously, he thinks this group of calendars is the same.
"We need to show the timeless, classic nudity that makes both women and men feel comfortable, and this is the inspiration," Shaw told a calendar presentation.
Women will be happy to participate in this shoot because it is a beautiful artwork.
Models can submit photos online and apply for public recruitment to Los Angeles and New York in person.
The video report shows that the sleeping shark is the longest-lived vertebrate.
The Greenland shark is the longest-lived vertebrate on earth, scientists say.
Julius Nielsen, who has been studying sharks, says the age of a female head sleeper is estimated to be between 272 and 512 years, up to five metres.
French court rejects petition to dismantle shops in jungle camps
A French court has dismissed a petition by the Government of Calais to dismantle dozens of makeshift shops and restaurants in the jungle camp. Thousands of refugees currently reside in the camp.
At the court hearings this week, the government argued that the French government should have the right to dismantle a total of 72 makeshift shops in the camp. People in these stores in the camps sell goods ranging from cigarettes to energy drinks, offer haircuts, and sell tea at 50 cents (40 pence) in makeshift restaurants or selling basic meals at a few euros.
The Office of the District of Calais believes these places should be dismantled because they are parallel economies that do not pay taxes, as well as fire and health hazards.
Humanitarian groups have indicated to the court that these shops and restaurants are of paramount importance, as the free food provided by state-backed associations and other groups simply cannot meet the needs of the growing refugee population in the camp.
These makeshift shops and restaurants often provide shelters and free food for those in need, they say.
A court in Lille ruled that there was no legal basis to expel the operators of the 72 temporary shops, but said the concerns of the governor of Calais were "fully understandable".
Jean· Judge François Molla says the role of these grocery stores, cafes and restaurants is much more than simply providing food to refugees who "live in extremely dangerous conditions".
These places, he says, are a calming point of convergence between refugees and volunteers.
One of the threats to demolition was the "Jungle Book Kids" Café in the camp, which offered 200 servings of food, English and French lessons each day, as well as advice on asylum for hundreds of of the less-than-vulnerable minors in the camp.
More than 170,000 people have signed petitions to protect the café.
The closure of the café "will be a catastrophe for these children (many children are only eight years old)," wrote a letter to the Guardian (Guardian). ”
Help refugees and L ' Auberge des migrants, two charitable organizations, estimated in Friday that the number of refugees in the jungle camps had exceeded 9000, the highest level since the summer refugee population surged.
"The 5000-dollar subsidy has solved my immediate urgency." ”
Huayuan County Changle Township Rice forced village poor construction stall girl Zhou Fen received a letter of acceptance from Nanhua University.
Just as she was worried about the cost of admission, August 9, the group of the county party to give her a timely implementation of the 5000-yuan subsidy.
In recent days, the county departments also for more than 690 poor university students to implement the 2.838 million yuan schooling funding.
At the same time, the family economic situation is particularly difficult, but also through the organization of social donations to help students to complete their studies.
Huayuan this year, the integration of student funds more than 18.5 million yuan, the financial self-financing more than 2.5 million yuan, by the financial sector in accordance with the prescribed time limit into the poor students real-name bank card.
She said gratefully: "I thought my father died, my brother and I can not be university, did not expect the county in time for us to solve the difficulties." ”
As of August 8, Huayuan has implemented the first half of this year a variety of rescue funds for 13,140 poor students more than 21 million yuan.
All the impoverished students in the county have realized the support and complement.
The reporter saw at the scene, a large container truck front in the traffic police under the direction of the fast lane, the container dropped in Green road, roadside was smashed a 2 cm deep pits.
The Australian New South Wales, State Of Government announced 11th that it would spend a $200 million ($ 154 million) on the largest renovation since the famous Sydney Opera House was built, Xinhua news agency said.
The New South Wales, State Of Government said the repairs would not alter the shell shape of the opera house.
The Sydney Opera House is one of Sydney's landmark buildings, designed by Danish architect 约恩·乌特松, completed in 1973 and receives about 8 million visitors each year.
Sydney Symphony Orchestra general manager 罗里·杰夫斯 believes that the Sydney Opera House will use this transformation to play a "turnaround", become "the world's best acoustics one of the concert hall."
Non-Beijing citizens who have resided in Beijing for more than 6 months and are in compliance with the lawful and stable employment, lawful and stable residence in Beijing may apply for a residence permit.
Recently, the Beijing "residence permit interim" Implementation of the rules, which means that "temporary residence permit" will be upgraded to "residence permit."
Related department head said, from "temporary residence permit" to "residence permit" change, means Beijing to non-Beijing permanent population will shift from "management" to multi-directional service.
Reporters today from the State administration of taxation, as at the end of June this year, tax authorities at all levels have published the tax illegal "blacklist" case 2,470.
It is understood that in July 2014, the State administration of taxation in the central government functional departments in advance, and the "Tax Credit Management measures" jointly issued the "major tax cases information disclosure measures."
Not only these cases of illegal facts, legal basis, the treatment of punishment will be published, and the basic information of the Parties to the law and the relevant intermediary agencies responsible person will also be included in the "blacklist" exposure.
Quality inspection, finance, customs and other government departments have also taken relevant disciplinary measures against the "blacklist" parties.
"Credit repair mechanism is an important milestone in the construction of tax credit system and even the whole society credit system, which marks the development and perfection of our Social Credit system." ”
"Environmental problems are manifested in the atmosphere, water, soil pollution, but the root is still in the production lifestyle."
For example, 2015, Jiangsu Province, land development rate of up to 21%, ranked highest in the national provinces and autonomous regions.
As a result, the problem of high pollution, large energy and land occupation has not been fundamentally addressed in the transformation of production lifestyles.
On the one hand, from all kinds of ecological environment in Jiangsu Province to create results, the absolute advantage ranked first in the country, but on the other hand, the resource environment carrying pressure.
To promote eco-environmental protection and governance, we need to radically promote the transformation of the production life style and promote the transformation of the ecological civilization.
11th, at Lianyungang Port Pier, the 42-piece wind turbine blades produced by Guodian group were shipped for export to South Africa.
Since last year, the Guodian group has 163 sets of wind power projects exported to South Africa in succession from Lianyungang port.
The third-party company entrusted with the production of the national flag (non-Chinese company) is about 75 km from Los Palos in Sao Paulo, Brazil.
In order to urge manufacturers to complete as soon as possible, the Chinese Consulate-General in Sao Paulo to the factory, in-depth work.
After 30 hours of overtime, the factory finally completed the Chinese national flag production and loading to transport, the original 4-5-day task will be completed in advance.
It is reported that the national flag is expected to arrive in Rio on 11th, and the Olympic Games will be sent to all venues after the national flag, the whole process will be under the supervision of the Chinese Embassy in Brazil to complete.
10th, Nantong Government in Shanghai International Conference Center to hold the Shanghai Tong Industrial cooperation, more than 180 Shanghai Enterprises invited to participate, more than 2 billion yuan Shanghai Tong Industrial docking Project signing.
The total investment of the 20 projects signed by the company is 8.063 billion yuan, involving many industries such as new energy, materials and modern service industries.
Qingdao is the 12th country in Shandong Province is also the first to discharge the right to use and trade pilot city.
11th, a number of enterprises respectively came to Qingdao emissions Trading Center to submit the right to apply for discharge, the purchase will be paid after the payment of fees.
This will be completed the first single transaction is also indicative of Qingdao emissions trading pilot work officially kicked off, which would also be the first single emissions trading in the province and the national city-level emissions trading first.
11th morning, Qingdao Double Peach Fine Chemicals (Group) Co., Ltd. General manager Zhooping came to the Qingdao Emission Trading Center to submit the right to discharge the purchase.
The company is located in the old town of Qingdao factory last year, the end of a comprehensive shutdown, environmental relocation to the Pingdu of the plant.
Zhooping submitted the application form, the construction project environmental impact report, and other materials, Qingdao emission rights reserve and trading service Center began to the application materials first-instance.
According to the Qingdao city price, finance and other departments to determine the collection criteria, the current estimated initial sewage right to use about 641,200 yuan, staff will be within 7 working days to complete the approved.
This will be completed the first single transaction is also indicative of Qingdao emissions trading pilot work officially kicked off, will also be the province's emissions trading first single and national city-level emissions trading first.
Zhooping said that the current enterprise environmental protection has been invested up to 400 million, the surface amount is huge, but the enterprise management philosophy, social benefits have a great impact on enterprise innovation management also opened up space.
The same day, Qingdao Sifang Xin Zhi Zhuo passenger car parts Co., Ltd. also to the annual output of 4,200 pieces of high-speed rail and EMU interior accessories project requisition pollution rights.
The project is a mechanical processing enterprise, the initial discharge right of the application for chemical oxygen demand (COD) of 0.514 tons/year, ammonia nitrogen (NOX) 0.052 tons/year.
The pollutant emission right of air pollutants is paid use and transaction is the key industrial enterprise of power supply and thermal production.
Prior to January 1, 2016, the existing sewage disposal unit of EIA has not been levied for a fee.
"The right to obtain pollution from the sewage is not equal to the right to the illegal discharge of pollutants. ”
Qingdao Environmental Protection Bureau deputy director of the Han Red Yan introduced, if the illegal discharge, exceeding the sewage still should be punished according to the relevant regulations, it is impossible to allow illegal enterprises through the purchase of pollution right way to avoid punishment.
In other words, by means of legal measures to crack down on environmental violations, severely punish the excessive discharge of enterprises, thereby protecting the environment and safeguarding public health.
Now enterprises in order to their own interests, improve the enthusiasm of pollution control, cherish the limited emission rights, reduce pollutant emissions.
With the drive of economic benefits, reducing pollutant emissions from the government's compulsory behavior into the enterprise conscious market behavior, so as to really achieve the protection of the environment, protection of nature, the purpose of safeguarding public health.
The right to discharge is also called "emission right", which is the right to emit pollutants, which is the right to emit pollutants to the environment within the limits allocated by the Government.
In essence, this right is the right of polluters to occupy, use and benefit the environmental capacity resources.
Next, under the premise that the total pollutant emissions do not exceed allowable emissions, the internal pollution sources are exchanged with each other by means of currency exchange.
Emissions trading since 1968 by American economist Dales, the United States in the 1970s began to apply it to the management of atmospheric and river pollution sources.
China since 2007 to carry out pilot, now has Zhejiang, Jiangsu and other 14 provinces (regions, municipalities) in full implementation.
According to the Russian Ministry of Defense, in order to assist the 6 strategic bombers in Syria, the "Islamic State" targets in the air strikes, several Russian warplanes from the Syrian state Air Force Base to support the launch.
On February 22 this year, the United States and Russia reached an agreement on a ceasefire between the parties to the Syrian conflict, and the ceasefire has been implemented since 27th of the month.
According to the agreement, the ceasefire does not include a military strike against the terrorist groups identified by the UN Security Council, such as the "Islamic State" "support front".
Russia will continue to build the relevant military infrastructure at the base, and the living conditions of the Russian servicemen will be safeguarded accordingly.
He added that those forces would expand to Russia without a crackdown on extremist forces.
Although Russia and the West did not agree on a joint fight against the Syrian extremist forces, Russia will strengthen its cooperation with Syria, Iran and Iraq in this regard.
In September 2015, Russia began a military strike against the Syrian extremist forces at the invitation of Syria's government.
March 15 This year, Russia's main military forces in Syria began to withdraw, but the Russian side pledged to continue to maintain the Tartous airbase and stationed at the naval base.
In the old residence and success of the case, He Pei have done a good demonstration: The inheritance of a century old curtilage, but also tells a piece of land inheritance story.
Today, an average of 100,000 people converge to Zhushan each year, either to bring in a variety of ideas or to seek inner peace.
In fact, the relationship between the country and the city should be accompanied by each other, just like mother and child, there is no strong and weak points, no need who to rule who, should be very warm.
There is no fixed model for rural development, but it is difficult to change spontaneously in rural areas, and the most important thing is to let the right people go to the countryside.
Shanghai Songjiang Handing Management department recently used electronic police to repair drivers to play mobile phones, one weeks seized more than 30.
With the popularity of smartphones, mobile phones more and more fun, brush micro-letter, Hair micro-bo even play games, stroll Taobao is a normal, many people seem to be inseparable from the mobile phone, even when the car can not stop.
The Road Traffic Safety Act prohibits driving a mobile phone and defines it as "a hindrance to safe driving behavior".
Unfortunately, because of the illegal people, forensics and other reasons, this phenomenon has not been due to punishment, the legal provisions almost become a decoration.
If the authorities can make up their minds to "declare war" on the behavior of mobile phones, the violation of this measure will be curbed.
In order to ensure the integrity and validity of the archival data, we should establish the archives of electronic and paper files on the registration materials of the unregistered accounts.
The public security organs shall handle the registration of unregistered persons ' accounts and notify the relevant departments in a timely manner.
A centralized clean-up of policy measures that are inconsistent with the spirit of the implementation of the present opinion will be a serious revision of the amendment, which is a resolute repeal.
The 48-year-old Wang Shefen is carrying workers to the pear tree spraying pesticide in the collective shed at Taicang East Lam Tsuen.
The Village 150 Mu of orchard, more than 10 species, only need 12 workers plus 1 technical engineers.
Last year 50,000 dollars altogether, like my age, if I work in the factory will not get the money.
Last year, the village-level income reached 22 million yuan, of which total agricultural income accounted for nearly half.
Village Secretary Suzifang: Per capita land planting area in ascension each year, just beginning 50 acres, now more than 100 acres, the annual increase in the efficiency of MU, the income of professional farmers also have room for growth every year.
Shares quantified to every villager, the biggest bright spot of rural collective economic reform in southern Jiangsu is to clarify the property rights of rural collectively-operated assets and explore the political economy separately.
July 2015, Wuxi Xishan District Town Street, 14 rural Economic Cooperation Organization and Village Committee, "Divide Management", village committee to perform rural public affairs management, cooperative organization is mainly engaged in business.
Two institutions two accounts, not "connection", to prevent cadres from participating in the collective asset management corruption phenomenon.
Jiang Caopaoping, deputy director of agriculture of Jiangsu Province, said that the next step will be to promote community shareholding cooperation system reform, encourage farmers to jointly develop, and establish village-level democratic power operation mechanism.
Caopaoping: Further push forward the reform, engage in community share cooperation, quantify the assets to the members, fixed to the farmers, form a clear property rights.
Through the Internet +, the implementation of his right to know, decision-making participatory rights and the supervision of democratic management, three of rights to farmers, indeed let it become a normative share of the operating mechanism of cooperation.
At present, the new rural collective economy of South Jiangsu Province mainly forms 4 kinds of development models, such as asset leasing type, enterprise share type, agricultural development type and joint development type.
It is understood that overseas exhibition has become an important platform to promote the construction of Zhejiang province.
The successful holding of these overseas exhibitions has accumulated valuable experience and good foundation for the development of the new markets along the "all the way" and the overseas exhibition platform.
The gram will always be to promote the consumer's movement demand as the guidance, constructs the sports industry ecology Circle, speeds up by the single sporting goods manufacture enterprise to the specialized sports service enterprise strategy escalation.
Hammill added that another 34 people were injured and sent to hospital, including 3 firefighters who had been slightly injured.
As some households are still unaccounted for, he also appealed to the residents of the fire flats to liaise with the authorities.
It is reported that in this apartment for 30 years, Ms. Dulei (Mariana Turay) said: "It seems that a bomb fell." ”
It is reported that the local fire brigade spent 1 hours and 45 minutes to extinguish the fire, residents of nearby buildings were allowed to return to their homes in a few hours.
The American Red Cross estimates that about 100 people are homeless, of whom 60 to 70 are temporarily in shelters in the nearby community centre, mostly Hispanic residents.
August 11, the first Jinzhou Wetland Tourism Culture Festival in Jinzhou Oriental City, "Crane Spring Lake," the curtain.
From 2014 onwards, the tourism industry created income, accounting for Jinzhou GDP; 2015 was 11.3%.
East China city wetland Hot spring tourist area, is located in Jinzhou Ling Great economic Zone Binhai Highway Ling section 1th, from Jinzhou City 70 kilometers away from the Ling urban area 50 kilometers, distance Panjin 70 kilometers.
Scenic area has indoor hot springs covers an area of 3000 square meters, outdoor hot springs covers an area of 4600 square meters.
Xiamen Girl Zhang Binbin: "Beautiful Hand" began shooting road career after several "reversal"
Xiamen Xiang an district East Garden village Zhang Donggong a few days ago just put a 29-inch old TV, replaced by a 65-inch big TV.
The ordinary peasant's daughter, is 11th night for China to win the Rio Olympic Games women's 50-meter rifle three-posture final silver Zhang Binbin.
11th night, just before this new television, Zhang Donggong couples and dozens of relatives and friends, together witnessed the daughter's way to catch up, from almost the preliminaries were eliminated to almost a reversal of the magical process.
In that day's game, Zhang Binbin once ranked midstream and downstream, seems to be far away from the final.
But parents and friends and family did not give up, constantly brushing the text live, see with the other contestants finish the game, Zhang Binbin ranking all the way up, finally locked the final seat, his home suddenly erupted from a burst of cheer.
In the final, Zhang Binbin was once ranked after the situation, the last few shots more stable, only to the 0.2-ring score of the trailing champion won the silver medal.
The 27-year-old Zhang Binbin, who had been in the shooting career of 16, almost had a few degrees of friction with the Hard-won silver medal.
His mother Zhangxiaolong told reporters, in their hesitation, Zhang Binbin found several "novel visitors" with the village.
The "novel Guest" was also recommended to participate in the training of the same village children, including Zhang Binbin cousin.
Shortly after entering the Xiamen team, Zhang Binbin again because of family difficulties and other reasons, the initiative to return to the school of Xiang Ann.
But after its Enlightenment coach Zhang Yaje repeated work, Zhang Binbin returned to the Xiamen team.
After entering the provincial team, Zhang Binbin again because of the delay into the national team, once because of the hope and return home.
This time, not only Zhang Yaje coach, Xiamen shooting Archery Sports Center and Fujian province team leaders and coaches have come home, eventually persuaded Zhang Binbin back to the provincial team.
Just like yesterday's game, the Xiamen Girl's insistence on the road of shooting a reversal.
"The way each coach picks up the team is different, and I saw Binbin's long very nicely," he said. ”
Zhang Donggong also recalls, in the training test, although the daughter is not the best, but the number of rings is very stable, which is Zhang Binbin to attract coaches important reasons.
In the process of training Zhang Binbin, Zhang Yaje is the most impressive, it is the peasant girl's input.
He recalls that Zhang Binbin into the Xiamen shooting team more than a year later, the team to carry out Li She sustained gun training, the team required half an hour to move.
Zhangxiaolong told reporters, daughter has been a quiet well-behaved children, since childhood like painting and homemade handmade toys,
"Originally I will do in the home to make clothes, sew, Binbin will pick up some scraps to do their own dolls." ”
She says her daughter often sews her own handmade toys, plus she is good at drawing, from the doll's facial features to the dress, can always be lifelike.
As an athlete, Zhang Binbin and family gather less and more, only holidays can go home, usually by telephone contact.
Parents say, whether meet or call, Zhang Binbin rarely said their hard, more is to talk with parents happy things.
Usually see the daughter, parents at home will be the daughter of the painting and years of honor are carefully stored.
Zhangxiaolong her daughter's anime painting to reporters, "if not as a shooting athlete, she should continue to paint."
In the living room on the second floor of the Zhang Binbin House, there was a cupboard full of medals, medals and certificates she had received.
Zhang Donggong will medals and medals neatly placed, the certificate is unified into the folder to save, "These are binbin more than 10 years of painstaking efforts in exchange for the honor, we are very cherish." ”
Recently, Hebei Province Tzu-filial fund will be 16000 yuan condolences to Jingxing County small, Taiwan head, your spring and other villages 6 families lost their hands.
This is the foundation of the Fund to the community to find "7.19 floods in the loss of children and lonely elderly" after the revelation of another caring action.
7.19 heavy rains caused many disasters in Hebei province, causing floods in some parts of the province, and people died and disappeared.
Good people "old iron" due to help the community obligation drainage unfortunate sacrifice, leaving 2-year-old children and pregnant wife, good people "old iron" touching deeds moved the entire provincial capital.
August 4, Hebei Province Tzu Chi Fund staff and Hebei brand volunteers came together to the good people "old Iron" home, the 3200 yuan love to the "Old iron" family hand.
When the vice president of the brand Li Ye understand the "old iron" family status, immediately decided in the brand will be the enterprise members to carry out "love bazaar" activities to help "old iron" family to tide over the difficulties.
Hebei Province Tzu-filial fund, the full name of the Voluntary Service foundation of Hebei province, Tzu-filial fund, by the Hebei brand will be launched by the Preparatory Committee, founded in August 2015.
According to the Hong Kong Oriental Daily, August 12 reported that the mainland diamond sales are currently referred to three major problems, including the net price of falsely marked diamonds to push high prices, the weight of the diamond, the sale of no security.
While Antwerp is one of the world's largest diamond trading centers, the local artisans of diamond cutting technology world, the sale of diamonds have been rigorously identified by the mainland ladies welcome.
"A small bag, held in the palm of the hand, a small small, the value of nearly million yuan," a participant in the purchase of the Diamond, Liu surname aunt, to the mainland media described her this year June in Antwerp experience.
She refers to the diamond hidden in the underwear, a few days in a row to go to the toilet, bathing, walking to sleep is very tense.
She said Diamonds bought in Antwerp were priced at about $55,000 per carat, with the same quality of diamonds in Xiamen at a retail price of about 111,000 yuan.
She recently bought the purchase price plus 20%, the purchase of all the Diamonds sold, a large profit of 200,000 yuan.
According to the requirements of the mainland customs, diamond non-travellers may be sentenced to imprisonment for their goods or necessities in the course of their journeys and they are subject to declaration at the time of entry and exit or smuggling.
According to foreign media reports, 10th local time, British Prime Minister House Downing Street announced: British Prime Minister Tracy 莎·梅 will go to Switzerland for the summer vacation, but did not disclose the specific vacation location.
The media said the British new Prime minister opted for a "neutral" Swiss holiday on the European continent after the British referendum took off, with some kind of policy symbolism.
The British Guardian commented that the symbolism represented by the neutral country in Switzerland played a role in the choice of the British Prime Minister's first resort.
The British Daily Telegraph commented that Tracy 莎·梅 chose to go to Switzerland for her holiday, the first time a British prime minister went on holiday in Switzerland after Mrs Thatcher.
The choice between the two prime ministers and the two prime ministers of Blair and Cameron, who like to go on holiday in hotter places, contrasts.
It is reported that British new Prime Minister Tracy 莎·梅 will return to London on August 24, after waiting for her is a series of important work and activities.
The British Parliament will reconvene on September 5 to include a second Oupang vote on the Internet request.
The June 23 British referendum decided to take off Europe, but the new prime minister did not want to start the Lisbon Treaty in the 50th section of the member countries off Europe.
Huangshan the existing Intangible cultural Heritage Project 1325, species and quantity are ranked first in the province.
Because the inheritance of Hui culture is mainly dependent on oral face-to-face, many of them are dying, so it is imperative to use digital technology to save and protect.
According to the main points of this year's work of the NPC Standing Committee, the Standing Committee plans to hear the special report and to carry out special questions on the implementation of the banking supervision and management law and the local economic development.
In mid-August, the Standing Committee will organize two research teams to conduct research in some cities to prepare for the topic.
Huaijianhui pointed out that the Provincial committee to listen to and consider the vertical management of special work reports and conduct special inquiries, in our province is the first time, is to strengthen and expand the NPC supervision work actively explore.
In Kashi, Xinjiang, the director of the exercise, with the director of the command, the armed police in Kashgar, Hotan, Aksu three troops in accordance with the guidance of the Command, the implementation of mobile Assembly, to the exercise of combat ground.
China's Mars program is coming
The mission of Mars exploration in China is to be rounded, landed and inspected at once, and this form has never been in foreign countries.
The goal of our Mars reconnaissance launch is to get around, to land, to patrol, this task is very difficult.
Because the Mars probe will take 26 months to meet a time window, experts are working on a rigorous engineering plan to launch the country's first Mars probe in the 2020 window.
According to Hudazhe, although China's aircraft has entered deep space, but the completion of the mission is still indispensable, detection of Mars means that China from the real sense into the deep space exploration era.
"Once every two or three years, there is a chance that Mars will be able to launch a Mars probe at this point in time, which is the most energy-saving for a launch vehicle." ”
"Given the quality of the Mars probe, the launch mission will be carried out by China's Long March No. Fifth launch vehicle." ”
The mission of Mars exploration in China is to be rounded, landed and inspected at once, and this form has never been done abroad, and it has been proposed to be rounded and landed, but the landing failed.
There are many technical areas involved in Mars exploration, and, in particular, although the rover is a space detector, it has distinct characteristics compared with the general space probe.
That is to say, the Mars rover has the ability to determine the route and the danger of discovering obstacles.
Part, a researcher at the five Academy of China Aerospace Technology Group, said that the reason why humans are so popular with Mars exploration is that it has important scientific, technological and other implications, even for the future of mankind.
Mars has now become the planet with the highest level of human research beyond Earth, and the History of Mars exploration by using space probes has been almost throughout the history of human spaceflight.
As a result, humans hope to build a living base on Mars and eventually immigrate to Mars, turning it into a second home for mankind.
There are plenty of signs that Mars, like the current Earth, has only evolved over billions of of years to become thinner, cooler, and drained of water.
As a result, exploration or manned landings on Mars can be used to prevent the Earth from becoming a second Mars for human survival.
As of June 2016, the world conducted 114 lunar probes and 43 Martian probes.
However, since the 1990s, humans have conducted 18 Martian probes, while lunar probes have been conducted only 14 times.
There are currently 5 Mars Orbiter and 2 Mars rover working, but only a 1-month ball orbiter and a lunar lander are working.
The world's space Powers have developed a plan to target the Mars system, which shows that today's Mars is hotter than lunar exploration.
On November 5, 2013, India launched its first Mars probe, "Mangarian", to become Asia's first successful country to detect Mars.
"Mangarian" is used to study the surface, atmosphere and mineral characteristics of Mars to see if there are any signs of methane and life on Mars.
The hardest part of this mission is that the probe enters the Martian atmosphere, with the aerodynamic shape and parachute deceleration only one chance.
The Mars reconnaissance mission faces many technical challenges, according to General architect Sun, director of the Mars probe, five yuan of China Aerospace Technology Group.
The atmospheric pressure on Mars is very low, with a high degree of uncertainty, only 1% of the Earth's surface atmosphere.
Scientists have not yet got a thorough understanding of the changes and characteristics of storms.
Mars often forms dust storms similar to Earth's dust in summer, which can cause a sharp drop in the amount of solar energy The rover receives, and must design a "dormant" model for the rover to wait patiently for the dust storm to pass.
At the same time, the Martian atmosphere has a reduced effect on solar illumination, which poses a problem for the energy supply that Mars detects.
This requires that the detector's solar wing area is larger, and it needs to be constantly adjusted to aim for the sun.
Also, Mars ' surface gravity is only 38% that of the earth, but much more than the gravity of the moon's surface, so the detectors need greater power.
"The core and hardest part of this mission is the process of the spacecraft's aerodynamic appearance and parachute deceleration after entering the Martian atmosphere, with only one chance to ensure success," he said. ”
Sun said that because the Earth and Mars far away, the whole process can not be real-time control of the ground, so must rely on the detector to do it autonomously.
Because there are not so many propellants to offset that high speed, the slowdown depends on the Martian atmosphere when landing on Mars, but the Martian atmosphere is hard to simulate on the ground.
In general, part said, the way to detect Mars is similar to the way the moon is detected, and it is also a "detour, Fall, patrol, return" to achieve the goal of manned landing on Mars.
Since Mars is much farther from Earth than the moon, exploring Mars needs to overcome a series of more complex technical hurdles.
Taiwan's chief executive, Lin Quan, announced yesterday morning that the "political parties and their accompanying organization's improper acquisition of property regulations" came into effect today, according to Taiwanese media reports.
KMT vice chairman Jianghi said, "a more than 100-year-old Kuomintang, with social commitment and responsibility, will not fail in this way."
Lin Quan stressed that if a political party, an affiliated organization or a trustee manager, etc. violate the provisions of the prohibition imposed by the regulations, the Commission shall investigate and punish the penalty according to the terms of reference.
Lin Quan also announced that the Vice-Chairman of the party's production committee would be appointed by Hongpegen, deputy director of the ICAC.
He said that Koo as the Main Committee of the Commission is the only candidate, borrowing Hongpegen in the past to examine the relevant major cases of experience, will be the Committee to inventory the relevant cases of improper party production basis.
Jianghi believes that today, as long as there is party production, no one will give you social donations, if the party produced all confiscated away, the Kuomintang just can request social support and sponsorship, "Today really do not have the opportunity to go."
Jianghi also stressed that even if improper party production regulations on the road, the Kuomintang party production has not been completely confiscated, confiscated, the rest will still be pledged to give out, so that the party to zero, the party should all start from scratch.
Original title: "Corridor Doctor" Lanne v. CCTV host Wang Zhian reputation infringement first Instance loses
Legal Evening News because CCTV host Wang Zhian on Sina Weibo posted on the "Corridor Doctor" incident speech, Lanne will Wang Zhian and Beijing Micro Dream Network Technology Co., Ltd. to court.
Yesterday afternoon, the Haidian court sentenced the case, the decision that Wang Zhian and micro-dream Company does not constitute infringement, rejected Lanne all the litigation request.
At the beginning of 2014, CCTV reporter Wang Zhian survey found that despite more than 600 days in the hospital corridor Lanne was portrayed by the media as a system suppressed the tragic hero, but these reports there is a lot of false information.
March 29, 2014, CCTV News survey produced "Corridor Doctor" broadcast.
There is no evidence to support the various so-called Lanne medical Information reported to the media.
Wang Zhian also in the real-name certification of the microblog, describing "the reason why Lanne to this step is the character, with obvious paranoid personality, etc.".
Lanne Request Wang Zhian Delete Micro Bo, apologize to him and compensation for spiritual damage consolation gold 100,000 yuan.
During the trial, both sides debated whether Wang Zhian violated Lanne's reputation right.
12th Watch: Track and field Team China is very busy women's soccer four bike hope to break
The bicycle is expected to achieve the Olympic gold medal "0 breakthrough", while the women's soccer girl will challenge two world champion Germany team, expect upset rushed into the top four.
Wang Town nearly two seasons in the state of prominence, last year's Beijing athletics World Championships Harvest Silver medal, this year May Group Race Walk Championships also upgraded individual project champion.
According to foreign media reports, the 27-year-old Korean archery female contestant Zhang Huijin in the women's archery personal competition won the gold medal, after the team won the Olympic gold medal, become double Crown king.
Zhang Huijin is considered a bloomer player who regrets not getting tickets to the last London Olympics but is proudly standing on the top podium of the Rio Olympics.
Zhang Huijin won the gold medal in the women's archery personal finals in the Brazilian Rio Samba Avenue Stadium, with a total score of 6-2 beats Germany's 丽萨·翁鲁.
She first shot archery in grade four, until the 27-year-old 2014 years in the World Cup for the first time to win a personal gold medal, is a late player.
Zhang Huijin recalls, "There was no level in high school before, so I couldn't compete in the country."
Zhang Huijin, who won only fourth place in the London Olympic Games four years ago, regrets losing Olympic tickets and just sits down to win two gold medals from colleagues and friends.
Zhang Huijin in the women's archery individual contest after the ceremony to talk about their own gold speech, "until the end is as long as possible to shoot a shot, may be this brings good results, satisfied."
The 28-year-old South Korean archery "one sister", the London Olympic archery individual gold medalist won the bronze medal.
He lost in the semi-final to Zhang Huijin, with the Mexican player Arnie Alejandro 拉·瓦伦西亚 to start the bronze medal competition.
Qi Fu Times to ensure that the bronze after the tears on the field, in the meantime, silently bear the burden of the gold is conceivable.
First of all, the coaching team has accumulated rich experience in continuous research, followed by scientific training methods, which need long-term accumulation.
Archery team to the military training, night through the graveyard and other methods to help the team focus and maintain the normal heart.
Although it has not yet been confirmed, many sources say that Apple's 2016 autumn conference will be held in September, and IPhone7 is coming.
Although Apple did not respond, but the new iphone features, configuration has been the release of news, and even the online IPhone7 "Real machine model" pictures have.
The next generation of iphone is a "Spotlight", hot, tight, rich, no goods ... If you want to buy authentic first time, you must choose a good channel, for example, Suning.
This has exacerbated people's disappointment with the new phone, "it lengthened, but could not project holograms at all!" This generation of iphone sucks. ”
IPhone7, like other iphones, accompanied with countless secrets before birth.
In addition, there are several sources claiming that the next generation of iphones will cancel 3.5mm headphone connector, instead of Bluetooth connection and charging interface, which will provide space for Apple to add a second speaker.
Another piece of evidence to support the news is that, as early as 2014, Apple allowed headphones makers to produce headphones that were connected by a charging interface.
The news is true or false, and the answer will not be revealed until Apple's 2016 fall launch.
But that does not prevent the industry from bullish on IPhone7 's prospects – many believe IPhone7 will likely become Apple's last big upgrade to the iphone series.
The market share of the iphone has slipped, although data from IDC, a recent market research agency, have been reported.
Goldman Sachs has maintained a "buy" rating for Apple's shares, while BMO analysts say IPhone7 will reap a historic sales performance.
Meanwhile, Hock Tan, chief executive of Bo Tong, said Apple's future revenue increase could be more than 20%, thanks to the IPhone7 launch.
7% of respondents said they had plans to buy IPhone7, compared with only 4% of the number of people who planned to buy IPhone6 two years ago.
It is understood that currently holds iPhone6 or 6Plus user groups have 20% plans to purchase IPhone7, which is a fairly high proportion.
Second, with expert analysis, most of the fruit powder likes to replace their own iphone.
According to statistics, of all iphone users, about 26% of users have not changed their phones for 2 years, that is, almost 120 million of users of the iphone has been used for 2 years.
The media said that during the IPhone7 production, Taiwan suffered several earthquakes, "TSMC production facilities are more damaged than imagined, and it is possible to the initial IPhone7 supply impact." ”
The contradiction between supply and demand will affect ordinary users, it is time to choose a good channel, the first time low price to start the authentic IPhone7.
According to people familiar with the information, recently, Suning high-level and Apple company frequently meet, the purpose is to prepare sufficient supply.
Operators have talked with Su Ning, it can be foreseen that, with the depth of cooperation between the two sides will inevitably bring lower prices and more intimate services to users.
"The lowest price, the consumer may ' just 7 yuan a day, can buy IPhone7 '." ”
Sufficient supply and diversity of concessions, so that the purchase of IPhone7 no longer "pressure", and Suning's logistics, it will make this beautiful into a more intuitive experience.
Perhaps, you will receive a call in the middle of the night, "Hello, suning easy to buy, your IPhone7 arrived." ”
The organizers hope that through the cultural Relics exhibition, the local people will know more about the history of Chinese culture, so as to enhance mutual understanding and friendship between the two peoples.
The "Ming Dynasty Cultural Relics exhibition" in Barcelona is part of the European Tour, which will last until the beginning of October.
Huaxia Bank, PU Fat Bank yesterday issued 2016.5 Annual report, two in the second shot to increase its shares.
Among them, the Jinzhan holding Huaxia bank 29.2931 million shares, to the end of June, the Chinese Securities holdings of China bank shares increased to 387 million shares, accounting for the proportion of its shares from 3.35% to 3.62%.
In addition, according to the calculation of investment securities, the deduction was increased, and the two-quarter increase in the Hong Kong bank 38 million shares, holding the number of shares to nearly 600 million shares, the share of the Pudong bank shares of 2.77%.
Recently, Zhejiang province Tongxiang Zheng Fu Lion Bang Park is officially open to villagers and tourists.
The garden is made up of more than 100 round small ponds, planting about 300 species of ornamental lotus, water lily and so on.
The rural Lotus industry has both ornamental, recreational and economic benefits, which has become a bright spot for the development of local new countryside.
According to foreign media reports, because the pool pool water from blue to green, Rio Olympic "green pool" incident recently attracted outside attention.
On the morning of 10th, however, the water in the pool of polo matches adjacent to the diving pool turned green.
The Australian Water polo player after the match said his eyes were stinging and wanted to shed tears.
Earlier, the Olympic official officials confirmed the water green situation, and that the water color is due to alkaline weakening, will not affect the athlete's health.
But Australian athletes, after winning a match with the Japanese team in the water polo pool, said their eyes were stinging.
The first time in the diving pool to turn green, the competition organizers on 9th night to deal with the problem of the pool, but on the morning of 10th found that the color of water balloons also changed rapidly.
The environmental conditions of the water polo pool deteriorated gradually during the Australian and Japanese competitions, but officials stressed that they would revert to the original colours of the two swimming pools on 11th.
"Yesterday afternoon, the degree of water alkalinity in the plunge pool was first weakened," said Mario Andrada, a spokeswoman for the Andrada Olympic Games. ”
"We understand a range of causes and alkalinity of water quality that may cause discoloration of the pool," he said. ”
A series of tests on water quality were conducted at the Aquatics Centre, with hundreds of divers and swimmers using the pool to determine the water quality standards. ”
"These days we have been going through normal procedures, but we may have overlooked the impact that the more athletes may have on water quality." ”
"But the change in the color of the water is certainly not affecting the physical health, especially the athlete." ”
"The independent team confirmed our assessment and affirmed the steps we took to restore the pool to normal color and normal chemical status," he said. ”
"We had hoped that the morning pool would return to normal colours, but the speed of recovery was affected by the rain," he said. ”
According to a report by Taiwan's "Central Society", the 1 prisons in the Damani area were hit by an explosion yesterday night, causing the warden to be injured and 10 prisoners dead, reportedly including 2 Chinese.
CBN Television reported that the incident took place around 9 o'clock last evening in Palanagui (Paranaque) prison, but the police did not make a preliminary statement until 2 o'clock in the morning today.
Police said that the 10 inmates sought the warden, complained about the relocation, but the two sides Ernest, there are prisoners throwing grenades, the explosion occurred.
The prison party has not yet published the names of the dead prisoners, but the GMA television reported that it included 2 Chinese people.
As at 8 o'clock in the morning, the prison party had not provided detailed instructions, including how the prisoners had obtained grenades.
Yesterday, Philippine Central Police entered the Leyte district Prison, killing 1 "attempted assaulting the police" of the prisoners.
Urumqi standardize the business order of tourist market the travel agency must sign the contract with the visitor
At present, Xinjiang has entered the tourist season, in order to standardize the operation of the tourist market, the law enforcement detachment of the URUMQI Tourism Law Enforcement detachment and the Joint City Transport Administration Bureau yesterday was not standardized for the tourist vehicles existing in the bulk guest market, and the travel agency and the tourists signed the low contract rate.
At eight o ' clock yesterday morning, about 10 buses filled with tourists were parked around the Kempinski hotel, most of them a Tianchi tour.
"Hello, I am URUMQI tourism Bureau, you and this travel agency signed a contract?" ”
Urumqi Yun Management Bureau of Law Enforcement Detachment staff Yu Bin Introduction: "The long-distance coach also has the class line vehicle in Urumqi market to operate the traveling passenger transport project, does not have the profession qualifications." ”
"Ultra-wide operation on this penalty of three to 100,000 of the fine, the driver does not have the qualification certificate is a fine of $2000." ”
It is understood that the Urumqi tourism law Enforcement Department has been to the West Park, Hongshan and other tourist scattered places in the center of the inspection.
Comprehensive two inspection situation, URUMQI Tourism law enforcement Detachment deputy team leader Mackinaw said: "The first is security, the second is norms, tourism vehicles no small matter, once the problem is a group of injured group died." ”
We and the operation of the joint ongoing inspection of the market, standardize travel agents to ensure the safety of tourists. ”
On the morning of August 12, the State Council News office held a press conference on the operation of national economy in July 2016.
Laiyun, Director of National Bureau of Statistics and Statistics, said that in July, some indicators of the national economy slowed down, but still operating in a reasonable range.
Statistics released by the National Bureau of Statistics show that July fixed assets investment growth, total imports and other data fell.
Laiyun said that on the national economy in the July, I would like to borrow the words of the prime Minister has said that "the shape of volatility, the trend is still good", which can better summarize the characteristics of the July economic operation.
He explained that "form fluctuation" means that some of the growth rate of economic indicators in July did fall.
Since July domestic and foreign economy is still in the depth adjustment, the international situation is complex and changeable, the world economy recovery is not expected, so the export pressure is still relatively big.
From the domestic situation, the whole economy is still at the critical stage of adjustment, the pain of adjustment is released, the economy is facing a big downward pressure, so some of the indicators are somewhat volatile.
Laiyun pointed out that there is a special situation in July, the flood disaster is more serious, high temperature and heat weather on some areas of production and operation has brought some impact.
According to the Ministry of Civil Affairs recently released the situation, more than 60 million people nationwide disaster, direct economic losses of more than 200 billion yuan.
From the relevant indicators of industry, investment and transportation, these areas are affected in varying degrees.
In July, the volume of goods turnover slowed down by 3.6% last month, and the flood disaster had a certain impact on the traffic in these areas.
Judging from these factors, the volatility of some of the July indicators is also normal and is expected.
He said, "the potential is still good" means that despite the slowdown in economic growth, but the overall smooth economic operation, stability in the direction of the good trend has not changed.
July CPI Rose 1.8%, the chain Rose 0.2%; 1-July CPI Rose 2.1%, so the price situation is generally stable.
According to the Chongqing Meteorological Bureau Portal Network on the high temperature of the statistics, in addition to Youyang, the rest of our city can receive different degrees of high temperature allowance.
At least 28 provinces in the country have clearly defined the criteria for granting allowances, although the standards are not the same, while Chongqing receives the high temperature allowance in the form of a high temperature working day allowance.
35 ℃ above 37 ℃, per person per day not less than 10 Yuan standard issued, 37 ℃ above, per person per day not less than 15 yuan standard issued.
40 ℃ above the high temperature staff can receive a monthly allowance of up to 20 yuan/day (except that the worker has already enjoyed the high temperature work allowance according to law).
According to this standard, last month high temperature weather days the most open state can receive 330 yuan, the minimum number of days of Chengkou is 80 yuan, and Youyang the highest temperature due to not meet the high temperature standard, so there is no high temperature allowance.
In the past, a number of flats will be charged with the high temperature allowance with cool drinks, the bureau said.
The employing unit shall not deduct or reduce the wages of the laborers because of the high temperature and the shortening of working time.
City People's bureau said that staff encountered high temperature work but did not receive the high temperature allowance, can be through the enterprise's labor dispute mediation institutions to seek legal rights, or call 12333 complaints.
If the employer refuses to grant the high temperature allowance, the laborer may lodge a complaint with the competent department of Human Resources Social Security at the county level.
At the same time, because the high temperature allowance is a part of wages, not benefits, to be included in payroll, deduction of tax.
Therefore, the high temperature allowance is not in the minimum wage range, must be issued in cash form, can not use beverages and other physical substitutes.
The newly built Urumqi station is located in Urumqi High Iron area, with a total construction area of about 100,000 square meters.
Ground 1, 2 floors for pit stop, waiting and office, commercial housing, underground 1 floor is the outbound layer.
At present, Urumqi station is the largest integrated transportation hub in Xinjiang, set high-speed rail, rail transit, public transport, rental, etc. as a whole, can achieve a variety of transfer mode seamless docking.
The north and south sides of the platform layer and the north side of the outbound layer a total of 3 ticket offices, equipped with 39 manual ticketing window and 34 automatic ticket sales machine.
On the ticket side, there are 30 channels on both sides of the waiting hall, and passengers can check and train the tickets according to the ticket ticket number.
If you need help, you can get a timely service by selecting the 41 call buttons that are set in the nearest press station.
From July 1 onwards, the old passenger station, that is, Urumqi South railway station passengers train on a separate line to Urumqi station.
That is to say, all trains and 30 of the train can stop at Urumqi station.
Now two stations can buy a ride, the train between them in 10 minutes, passengers need to pay attention to the nominal origin and terminal of the specific station name.
The official operation of Urumqi New railway station will become an important platform to build a national comprehensive transportation city in Xinjiang, and promote the "Silk Road Economic Zone" and the construction of the newly developed area.
Gracian is an eruption of female giant beak bird, the whole body exudes the breath of the rainforest.
In the Central American country Costa Rica, the Gracian and its story has long been a household name.
At the August 10 press conference, the Gracian of postoperative recovery finally unveiled its brand-new 3D print-plastic beak.
The giant beak, which had been broken up by a 1.5 ago and was dying, has now finally been reborn.
Not only did this day proclaim that it was 100% restored to health, it was the day when it moved into the luxury aviary and met with the human friends who cared for it.
First entered the new home of the Gracian slightly shy, but not too much to become lively, in the water Basin, roll frolic, with a new beak to eat grapes.
To remind people of the damage it had suffered, the technician did not paint its new beak, but retained the original white of the 3D printing material.
Outside the beak is a thin layer of cutin sheath, inside hollow, only some thin bone supporting rod staggered arrangement.
Despite this internal reinforcement, the beak of a giant beak is fragile and broken when it is hurt.
The animal Rescue Center, a bird biologist and a US 3D printing company worked together to produce several "test beaks" for Gracian, finally creating the "perfect beak" best suited to it.
Now Gracian is adept at using new beaks to drink, eat, and even peck up tiny grains.
"The final finished design took about 2 months to print out and only 4, 5 hours." ”
"3D printing is not the future technology, it has actually come into your life." "U.S. Sg3d printing company Chairman 托马斯·朗格 in an interview with Xinhua International reporter said.
In January 2015, a farm in Gracian, a Alajuela province in central Costa Rica, was found to be a blood-soaked giant beak gracian.
Its upper beak was brutally broken by a gang of young men, and it was utterly incapable of eating and dying.
Gracian's horror was reported in the media, in Costa Rica and outside the cause of the wave of opposition to cruelty to animals.
Stricter animal-protection laws and tougher punishments for abusers are called for.
People come spontaneously and do their best to help Gracian to recover as much as possible before the injury.
Even 3D print technology inventor 查克·赫尔 was involved in the design of Gracian's beak.
"The Gracian is very special, its upper beak is less than 1 centimeters, so it poses many difficulties in installing the new beak." ”
"We scanned the Gracian and then designed and produced an elongated prosthesis that was slightly longer than the remainder of its upper beak, which was glued to its upper beak." ”
"This can reduce further invasive damage to Gracian." Lange told Xinhua International correspondent.
Before installing the prosthesis, the worker cleans up the beak for Gracian every day to prevent infection.
Far away, the story of giant Beak bird Gracian moved the famous documentary filmmaker Paula 拉·埃雷迪亚 and Discovery News channel producer 约翰·霍夫曼.
They recorded the gracian of the new Beak, recording a documentary film, "The Kingdom of the giant beak," which was broadcast on the Animal Planet Channel this month.
The country of the giant beak shows how a tiny giant beak can change a country and involve its citizens in the fight against cruelty to animals.
Core TIP: Japanese oil companies are particularly wary of the rise of China's small independent refineries, known as "teapots".
"China's export expansion is one of the reasons for the downturn," said JX, Japan's largest oil company, according to the media, August 12.
Japanese oil companies are particularly wary of the rise of China's small independent refineries, known as "teapots".
The quality of China's petroleum products is getting closer to Japan's oil because of the Chinese government's strengthened environmental regulations.
Before obtaining permission to import crude oil, "teapot refinery" generally imports from Russia and other places of high sulfur content of heavy oil refining.
The production of petroleum products of high sulfur content, poor oil, become a cause of environmental pollution.
The "Teapot refinery" has been able to import crude oil from Oman, which has a low sulphur content, and Russian crude oil, and the quality of its oil products has also improved, after obtaining import permits.
"As China's domestic oil product quality standards continue to improve, the capacity of refining equipment has also improved," said Tepco.
As a result, the quality of China's exports of petroleum products has gradually reached the same level as Japan's (the world's highest quality).
"After the end of 2015, China began exporting high quality light oil to Australia," JX Energy said, creating competition with Japanese products in Asian markets.
Although "Japan's high oil" is facing a crisis, Japan's oil companies to respond to the strategy is "focus on the market while the profit can be exported to the region."
As China's exports of oil products have a huge impact on Asian markets, they are increasingly concerned about teapot refineries.
2016 Yangzi Evening News Group of Sunshine Student action since May 26 started, after two months of registration, the total number of needy students applying for grants amounted to more than 800 people.
In the course of the education, has received social donations over 1.2 million yuan (has been divided into five batches of public notice), at least can help 240 was students dream of university.
At present, the donation is still continuing, the newspaper called on the community to continue to lend a helping hand, so that more families with difficult children can receive financial support and social care.
In order to ensure that student action is fair, open, transparent, this newspaper in batches to publicize the basic information of students today, public 第1-100名, to accept the reader's supervision.
Li Group Sunshine Student Action, is a famous Chinese charity brand, Yang son evening News Group of Sunshine student action in Jiangsu province since 2003, funded poor students accumulated more than 4,000.
The scope of this activity is to enroll freshmen in college entrance examination, not to include tuition-free majors;
The New Zealand population grew by more than 2% during the 1974 and the early 50 's "Baby boomers" in the 60, the bureau said.
As of June this year, the net inflow of migrants in New Zealand in 12 months was 69,100, becoming the main driver of New Zealand's population growth in recent years.
In addition, in the same time period, the population of New Zealand natural growth of 28,200 people.
Data show that in the last 10 years, New Zealand average annual net inflow of 21,800 people, the average annual population growth of 32,300 people.
From a demographic perspective, a large influx of immigrants means that the proportion of the "working-age population" from 15 to 39 is gradually widening.
In the 12-month period ending June 2016, the New Zealand working-age population grew by 3.6% to 1.58 million people.
At the same time, the 65-year-old population increases by 3.6%, reaching 700,000 people.
Yesterday 10 o'clock in the morning Xu, X9003 international freight class from XI ' an new building station, to Kazakhstan Almaty.
The train's opening, marking the Xi ' an railway bureau since 2013 to open the international freight class in Central Asia, the number of driving a successful breakthrough 10000 vehicles.
It is understood that this class of freight transport class cargo category covers industrial raw materials, machinery and equipment, industrial spare parts, building materials, food, light industrial products six categories, a total of 206 varieties.
As at August 11 this year, the new station opened a total of 221 rows of Central Asian class, 10009 vehicles, the cumulative shipment of exports of 338,000 tons, of which 2016 years opened 84 rows, year-on-year growth of 47%.
It is understood that the first trip to the Central Asian class is "Made in Shaanxi", and today, it has attracted a large number of foreign sources actively listed above.
As at the end of July, the Central Asian class container had exceeded 64,000 TEU in volume, representing a 8% increase over the same period in 2015.
With the encryption of Central Asian classes, the traffic volume of the new station of Xi ' an railway bureau has been upgraded yearly.
2015, the new station full year freight throughput of 2.477 million tons, as of August 10, 2016, the volume of shipments has reached 1.531 million tons, compared with the same period last year growth of 6.7%.
In order to meet the needs of future development, Xi ' an railway station, the new construction of the comprehensive Logistics Center in XI ' An, has been launched to build a modern new railway integrated logistics park.
An Indian Uncle week at Dubai International Airport, where he was hit by a plane crash, and this week won a $1 million jackpot at the same airport.
穆罕默德·巴 希尔·阿卜杜勒·赫达尔, a Dubai in the UAE, has the habit of buying lottery tickets every time he returns home.
His 21-year-old son, who was paralyzed by an accidental fall during his 13-day birth, has been working hard to repay his son's medical bills.
"Escaping from the crash was God giving me two lives and giving me the money to do good," Hedar said.
Although now autumn, but the "Autumn Tiger" power seems to be no worse than the summer.
Ultraviolet rays not only make the skin of students black, more will sunburn skin, how to let the skin can successfully through military training, not sunburn?
Sunscreen packaging is usually labeled with SPF and PA, SPF refers to the sunscreen index, is aimed at UVB ultraviolet, our common SPF Index has 15, 30, 50 and so on.
The product labeled PA is aimed at UVA, so that sunscreen will play a more effective role, usually, PA strength with + to indicate, more than one + indicates effective protection time extended.
Oily skin should choose a strong penetration of water-based sunscreen products, sunscreen spray is also a good choice.
Dry skin should choose frost-like sunscreen products; neutral skin is not strictly defined, sensitive skin rub any maintenance products are a burden, it is recommended to choose a purely physical sunscreen products.
Remember to apply sunscreen for half an hour in advance, as sunscreen products take time to fully penetrate the skin.
Military training sun time longer, sunscreen every two hours to wipe once to have lasting effect, do not be lazy.
Because the skin has just been stimulated by the sun, the military training back do not immediately use whitening products.
After the military training exposure, if the condition can be used towel wrapped with ice to chill the burned skin to slow local heat.
During the exhibition to buy agricultural machinery farmers, continue to implement the cumulative subsidy policy, farmers buy agricultural machinery can be up to 40% of the subsidy.
The exhibition for the global investment promotion, especially the "all the way" along the country and target market countries to invite efforts.
The exhibition aims to complete the signing of 60 investment projects, the introduction of capital of 22 billion yuan, signed a trade contract more than 160, the contract amount of 3.2 billion yuan.
It is reported that "Xiang Bo" The reason for 7 consecutive years settled in Loudi, the Loudi manufacturing industry in Hunan province, the foundation of a strong industrial development history.
As the organizer of the "Xiang Bo meeting", Loudi has established trade relations with more than 90 countries around the world.
"Xiang Bo" has become an important platform for the local development of characteristic industries and the promotion of characteristic industries to go abroad.
On some nights, the ionosphere is full of free electrons, which means that radio signals can go farther.
The U.S. Air Force is interested in the effect of replication, according to the August 11 report of the Popular Science Monthly website.
While the ionosphere, which has a stable mass of free electrons, can help people listen to the radio at the edge of a university radio station, that may not be the interest of the U.S. Air Force.
The electron-filled ionosphere means that the military uses a greater range of radios, and it may provide some protection from the Global Positioning System (GPS) signals from solar storms.
The ultimate goal may be to build a series of cube satellites based on demand, which can strengthen the ionosphere when needed.
But first, the team that signed the contract with the Air Force must demonstrate that the scientific principles will work.
Industry data show that 2015 coal production capacity of nearly 6 billion tons, the national coal production capacity of 1.8 billion tons.
In recent ten years, the State Council has issued a total of 5 times before and after the elimination of excess and backward production capacity notice.
Although the first 4 times did not target the coal industry, but the target industry directly with the coal industry to produce relations.
Last November to this January, Qinhuangdao 5500 kcal power coal prices for a long time in 370 yuan/ton low hovering, 90% of coal enterprises into a loss.
And since February, coal prices have gradually picked up, the recent Qinhuangdao power coal price is continuously rising around, rose to a 16-month high, once climbed to 436 yuan per ton, a rise of nearly 70 yuan than the beginning.
As the price picks up, all the worries come along: Will a batch of small coal mines return to resuming production?
In this respect, China (Hainan) Reform and Development Institute of Economic Director Kao Xianming Analysis and interpretation.
Kao Xianming: To production capacity has aroused the attention of all parties, the coal industry released today to the production capacity of the report card also really make everyone feel more worried.
The three-layer factor reflects the relative lag of our growth patterns in the past, where the government-led growth pattern has not yet undergone a fundamental shift.
Second, this is directly related to the promotion of local government, in the process of going to capacity, funds and corresponding measures are to be in place, from this perspective, the difference between different regions is indeed relatively large.
Third, if some of the provinces that are slower now are going to catch up in the second half of the year, they may face greater risks.
In this case, the process of boosting the capacity by relying on the central prize for funding may have some negative effects.
First of all, go to capacity is not simple to carry out total control.
Our aim is to reconstruct the new industry of the whole coal industry by eliminating backward production capacity and promoting structural optimization.
In the process of deployment to capacity, the local government must combine the production capacity with the transformation and upgrading of the coal industry, and vigorously develop the related services.
Secondly, in order to complete this year's capacity task, we should give full play to the power of administrative supervision and administrative monitoring.
Finally, we should strengthen the reveals role of social security.
Because the market directly involves the problem of employment, we should strengthen the employment skills training for employees and workers.
"The decline was due to a worsening of foreign investment expectations for Brazil's GDP growth in the medium term." ”
Brazil's participation in global direct investment was 3.7% in 2015, below 2014 's 5.7%.
Credit Suisse's international Investment Attractiveness index includes 4 sub-index: infrastructure, economic outlook, business environment and direct investment.
In 2015, Brazil's international direct investment was $64.6 billion, below 2014 's $73.1 billion.
Last year, the "greenfield investment" in Brazil (the investment model for foreign investment to set up a factory) was $17.9 billion, down 2.1% per cent year-on-year.
"There are 288 greenfield investment projects in Brazil, with an annual average of 314 from 2003 to 2014."
However, in the first half of 2016, international direct investment in Brazil reached $33.8 billion, up almost 10% from the same period last year.
Original title: Canadian police killed IS supporters: Homemade bomb attacks downtown preparations for the end of the work
The taxi company said the taxi had been dispatched to driver's home before the police arrived.
Police in a press conference in Wednesday said the information received included the "martyrdom video" provided by the FBI about the young man's attack.
According to the German voice, a man wearing a black balaclava cap is reading the Koran, referring to crimes against Muslims, and vowing to launch an attack on a Canadian city soon.
He said in the video that the attack will take place within 72 hours, and in the rush hour.
The incident was the first time the police killed a terrorist suspect before the incident last year after the Canadian Prime Minister, Justin Trudeau, 贾斯廷·特鲁多.
After the upgrade and renovation of the Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal feeder channel Old Wanfu, the Peking University slip waterway September 1 to collect tolls.
These two tributary channel adopts the social financing way to carry on the reconstruction construction, the charge has been approved by the provincial government related department.
Old Hail River channel through Jinxiang, Yutai, through the Nanyang Lake into the Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal Main, the length of 32.5 kilometers.
According to the need of navigation, the old Hail River waterway adopts the way of maintenance and transformation, and the local water depth is deep, the local sharp bend is straightened, and the navigation conditions are improved.
The channel flows through the Jinxiang County, Rencheng District, through the Nanyang Lake into the Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal Main, 19 kilometers in length.
The renovation project of the two fairways was started in February 2011, completed the completion of completion in January 2015, investment construction and operation main body for Jining Anping Canal Logistics Service Center.
According to the principle of "loan construction, paying repayment", Jining anping Canal Logistics Service center collects waterway tolls according to the charge standard approved by Shandong Provincial Price Bureau.
Among them, the basic toll according to 1.75 yuan/deadweight tonnage, mileage tolls per 0.05 yuan/km DWT charge.
Tolls are levied from June 15, 2016 to June 14, 2019.
The reporter learned from the Jining PMB that there are currently 4 toll lanes in the territory of Jining, namely, Shinghui Waterway, Baima River Channel, Peking Road, old Hail River waterway.
The 4 waterway is the tributary channel of the Grand Canal of Beijing-Hangzhou, and all of them adopt the way of social financing to upgrade.
Shinghui waterway upgrading and renovation project is the first to adopt the "Government + Market" model, used in Shandong province inland waterway infrastructure construction projects, the government accounted for the main investment, social funds to replenish the funding gap.
The White Horse River, the old Wanfu, the North River and other feeder channel take the pure market operation way.
The funds allocated by the State can not meet the needs of construction and restrict the progress of the waterway upgrade.
Social funds for public infrastructure construction in line with the requirements of national policies, but also become the way to crack capital bottlenecks.
Ningzetao's performance in the semi-finals of the 100-metre freestyle has made many Chinese audiences silent.
But in the 50-metre freestyle preliminaries, Ningzetao once again refreshed people's "bottom line."
In fact, 50 meters freestyle is not Ningzetao items, his performance in the Kazan World Championships and the best results, but also decided that his project to make a breakthrough is unlikely.
Sure enough, Hong Kong's authoritative media, the big communiqué, revealed that the biggest reason for Ningzetao's failure was that he had lost interest in swimming.
Many factors outside the field may have had a big impact on his ideas for the future, and he is now more interested in entering the entertainment circle.
Kazan World Championships, Ningzetao by virtue of its super high value and good results, instant become a net red.
Thus, "national husband", "small meat", "pattern of the United States" and other forms of address has become his label.
A variety of business activities to find the door, the good money, become a glittering road.
In this case, Ningzetao even choose to retire at this time to join the entertainment circle, is not only his freedom, but also a plausible path.
After all, he is only 23 years old, after a certain amount of study, can rely on his popularity to play one or two TV dramas.
But Ningzetao need to see, oneself and these predecessors compared, not have enough qualifications?
The 2000 Sydney Olympic Games, the 21-year-old Xuan has come to the end of the athlete's career.
Xuan's beautiful appearance made her quickly remembered and laid the groundwork for her future foray into the entertainment circle.
After retiring, Xuan starred in a number of TV dramas and set up his own studio in 2013.
Tian participated in the two Olympic Games single two-person 10-meter competition, and won 2 Gold 2 silver.
But after losing to teammate Hu Jia in the 2004 Olympic Games single 10-meter competition, Tian's athletic state declined and was fired by the diving team.
And he and his daughter to participate in "Dad to where" and other variety shows, but also let him earn enough eyeballs.
Once the gymnastics gold generation Yang, Xiaopeng and yibing all high-profile participate in various variety shows.
It is worth mentioning that, Yang Xiaopeng then led China to win the 2008 Olympic Games Nan Champion, Yang is two times to get a personal all-around gold, known as the Almighty King.
While Yibing led China to the 2012-year Olympic Group championship, it also became the King of the Rings.
And in the London Olympic Games suffered a miscarriage of justice after the loss of gold, yibing magnanimous move, also let him circle powder countless.
But the athletes ' main energy is still on the field, and for the variety show is just like a superficial-touch off.
But whether it is retired or active athletes, to be able to get the favor of the entertainment circle need to get the results to do the protection.
After all, the athlete enters a new field, whether ability or network, is a blank state.
Even the "old man", who has been in the entertainment circle for many years, is Tian and Xuan, and the average audience is still thinking about their performance at the Olympics.
And Yang, Xiaopeng and other new, in the variety show when the introduction, no exception is "Olympic champion."
Compared to the above several people, Ningzetao a swimming world champion's first name still slightly thin.
Moreover, compared to Tian, Xuan, Yang and other people's career, Ningzetao if in 23 years of age, a little setback in sports life Jiliuyongtui, the image of its negative impact is probably immeasurable.
After all, to mention the athletes, people's requirements are "not to seek the invincible, but for the sake of difficulties," Ningzetao distance this point is still a lot worse.
10,000 step back said, Ningzetao long handsome, can rely on the value of beauty to obtain thousands of brain residue powder support.
No point of skill, only rely on the appearance, want to mix in the entertainment circle, this difficulty is not better than good training back to the state is difficult.
The way of life choice depends on the individual will, but in the end how to choose, Ningzetao heart should have several.
On the face of it, the network social platform expands the communication circle and reduces people's sense of loneliness.
The network social sphere is more and more widespread, not only gradually replaces the traditional telephone contact, even penetrates the real life circle under the line, quietly changes the social life of the present people.
The benefits of online socializing are obvious, such as convenient and quick, so it's especially easy to be favored by younger groups.
A survey of college students ' social habits shows that 57% of college students use their mobile phones more than 5 hours a day, and the basics of daily life are "not on hand".
"Social networks have the characteristics of low cost, fast transmission speed and simultaneous communication among many people, which is in line with the needs of contemporary college students." ”
Expanding the circle of relationships, talking more equitably, and avoiding social concerns are the main reasons why we love online chat.
Just entered the company's new love with colleagues online communication, "because only into the unit is not very familiar, through the social platform of Praise comments, the relationship is much closer than before."
Love friends also commonly used on-line communication, "before with friends because some misunderstanding for a period of time did not contact, and later in a large group of dialogue before a few words and heat up." ”
It engineer Wu Yan is a deep network of social enthusiasts, most of his social life occurs online, network contacts are more than the number of online friends circle.
Wu Yan himself also frankly in the network more "duck to water."
"You can reply to your friends when you want to, because there are a lot of time to think about it. ”
"Hidden under the ID of you come to me to avoid face-to-face interpersonal collisions, not only have the leeway to maneuver, even give each other more time and space to contemplate words and deeds. ”
"People of different identities have the same rights and efficiency to speak, and social concerns in real life seem to have been eliminated in cyberspace," he said. ”
However, Wu Yan's friend Xiao Peng felt that the life of Wu Yan is a "pretty boring otaku."
Xiao Peng and Wu Yan in a large group of acquaintances, because both are active speakers, soon cooked up.
Xiaopeng think Wu talk with the network, speech boring, also do not take the initiative to comment, tossing and turning is a few words "hehe, good, is it", or "This I want to check the Internet."
Lingshui police are now involved in the investigation, Lingshui traffic department will also increase efforts to combat illegal vehicles.
"The August 4 conflict police did not investigate the results, August 11 0 O'Clock Xu, the other two drivers of the taxi in the apartment was smashed." ”
"Now the tricycle more in the night illegal operation, hope the competent department also can increase the strength to carry on the regulation." ”
South China Sea Network reporter from Lingshuix County Public Security Bureau learned that the police have now accepted the two cases reported, two of the causes of the case, who, whether there is a link in the further investigation.
Lingshui Wang Wenyi, director of Traffic Management station of Transport Bureau, said that the Lingshui traffic department had started to rectify the illegal operation of the passenger tricycle at the beginning of this year, altogether banning 613 illegal passenger tricycles.
Next, the Transport Department will apply to the county government, joint multisectoral efforts to increase the county's tricycles, motorcycles, black cars and other illegal operating vehicles for renovation.
August 11 8 o'clock in the morning, Qilu Evening News reporter followed the "Healthy China Line" Free clinic service team came to East Haven District West Lake Town Ditch village.
The village is located in the remote, about 24 kilometers from the urban area, the village residents more than 200 households, because of economic, transportation and physical limitations, to many elderly patients out of the doctor brought inconvenience.
The Free Clinic program is comprehensive, medical, surgical, respiratory, psychiatric, dermatology, pediatrics.
Many villagers have heard that experts from the clinic are coming and have been waiting in the village's small square early.
67-year-old aunt Xue suffers from congenital scoliosis, and in recent years she was suffering from "asthma", so that even walking on the last slope will be breathless, gasping for breath.
Doctors tell aunt Xue, chronic bronchitis want to cure the possibility of a little, usually adhere to medication can be alleviated.
At the dermatologist's office, a more than 60-year-old man came to consult with her little grandson.
The old man's grandson is 11 years old, and his left foot has been plagued by "beriberi" since he was 3 years old.
After the doctor looked at the elderly, this is not "beriberi" but seasonal eczema, do not use drugs delayed treatment.
"In this village we have provided medical treatment and B-super services, while the other team in the Wulian County village of the township of the Clinic of the medical unit to provide free health care services."
The trip to the countryside is just one part of a ' healthy China ', and in the days to come, other activities will continue. ”
51Talk worry-free English is considered to be a milestone in building an online education industry ecosystem.
CEO Huang Jiajia says that bringing the world's best learning resources to China's children is their strategy for the next five years.
It is understood that "the biggest advantage of 51Talk is to meet different age groups of different needs of users."
Chief operating Officer Zhang Liming said that the global quality of foreign teachers and services to connect with students, parents no longer need to travel, the precious time for the transfer of children.
5-year renewal of the central bank's payment of business permits to 27 non-banking institutions, such as Alipay
In order to integrate the business resources, exert the scale effect and improve the efficiency of supervision, this renewal is to adjust its business scope accordingly to the payment institution which intends to merge the payment business license.
The merged payment agency shall complete the payment business within 6 months from the date of the announcement.
The People's Bank of China will handle the cancellation and renewal of the relevant "Payment business license" after the completion of the business undertaking.
This renewal is to reduce the scope of business due to serious breaches of business, stagnation in business, or termination of business by the voluntary application.
Relevant agencies shall, within 6 months from the date of announcement, suspend the relevant payment business as required.
The People's Bank of China will continue to carry out the "Payment business license" in accordance with law and prudence.
No casualties caused by 4.4 and 4.5 earthquake in Nima County, Tibet
According to the local civil affairs Department reported that there is no casualties, the specific disaster is further statistical verification.
Vice Chairman of the City Federation of Disabled Bo attended the event and made an important speech.
Attended the leadership jointly for the second batch of "Love Original Mountain" Lei Feng's private team award.
Over the past 20 years, "Love the original Mountain" to the actual action to write the human Big Love, the original forest field successively took over, hosted 5 difficult institutions, direct placement workers nearly thousand.
In the face of each major disaster, the original people have spontaneously organized donations donated to the community to lend a helping hand.
National Moral Model Nomination award, former Mountain Forest Farm party secretary Sun Jianbo said, Lei Feng Spirit inherits the times of the truth and Beauty, is a socialist value system in line with the long-term cause.
After the ceremony, the participants visited the Shandong original mountain arduous pioneering memorial hall and experienced the barrier-free facilities.
Rivas Mayor 维尔弗雷多·洛佩斯 on the teacher training site, the Nicaraguan government agencies are working together to promote environmental management plans and tree planting activities with the HKND group.
The HKND Group, a developer of the canal project, has always adhered to international best practices, built canals in accordance with international standards, and protected Nicaragua's ecological environment to the maximum. ”
Through the combination of theory and practice, college students will lead primary and secondary students to plant trees together to educate the next generation on how to greening the Nicaraguan environment.
Professor 弗朗西斯科·雷耶斯 of the Natural Resources and Environment Department of the National Agricultural University of Nicaragua participated in the afforestation education project.
We have reason to believe that the trans-Oceanic Grand Canal Project, which is also dominated by the HKND group, will bring more benefits to the Nicaraguan people and create more job opportunities for the local community. ”
In order to ensure the long-term effect of afforestation, HKND Group also produced the afforestation Training album, distributed to all 15,000 primary and secondary school students in Rivas Province, in order to provide long-term technical guidance for teachers, students and parents.
Recently, the Chinese International Folk Art Festival, which was hosted by China Federation and Qinghai Provincial government, opened in Xining, Qinghai.
More than 300 artists from the 13 countries and regions of the five continents have gathered together to bring an excellent performance of international and national folk characteristics to the audience.
Tajikistan's "Avesta" news agency 11th quoted the Tower Central Bank as saying that the first 7 months of this year's inflation rate of 3.7%.
reported that the first 7 months of this year's inflation rate of 3.7%, which July inflation rate of 0.6%, and nearly a year's inflation rate of 6%.
The government's goal is to plan to keep inflation at 7.5% per cent in 2016, compared with 5.1% in 2015, the report said.
In addition, the report points out that there is a certain discrepancy between the tower government and some of the major international financial institutions in the country's economic development and inflation in the 2016.
According to the Ministry of Trade and Economic development, the economic growth of the country in 2016 will be 7%, and the inflation rate of the state is basically above this level.
The Asian Development Bank, the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund have given different forecasts for the 2016 economic development and inflationary waters of the country.
For both indicators, the Asian Development Bank forecasts 4.2% and 7%, the World Bank forecasts 4.8% and 7.5%, and the IMF forecasts 3.4% and 8.2%.
It is reported that despite a series of adverse external factors, such as the international economic downturn, the devaluation of the Russian rouble and the reduction of remittances, the 2015 economic growth of the country was 6%.
August 11, reporter telephone interview has returned to Sichuan Mianyang home in Huang Yilin, she said: "The situation is too urgent, my heart only one idea is to save lives!"
Huang Yilin is a 2015-level student at the University of Southern China's landscape architecture.
Huang Yilin wants to go to Sichuan Langzhong to visit the local architectural design, so a family will travel.
August 8 around 10 o'clock in the morning, Huang Yilin's father in the hotel rest, mother and daughter out to stroll Langzhong ancient city.
Just walked not far, suddenly saw a group of people yelling, out of curiosity and went forward.
See "The little boy has disappeared, the little girl in the water desperately flop, the river only reveal her small head, from time to times to sink", as a child learned to swim Huang Yilin hurried to jump down to save people.
After the water, the height of 165 centimeters Huang Yilin found unexpectedly trample!
Before it looked calm, there was a torrent of water!
But she was still desperate to swim to the little girl.
Huang Yilin said, the River muddy, swift, less than 5 meters away, almost spent all her strength.
She tried her best to push the little girl to the riverbank, "the slope was slippery and I was afraid I would not have the strength to sink." ”
So, Huang Yilin to mother for help, hear her daughter's cry, water poor Ms. Yin ready to rescue, by the next tourists stopped.
August 10, Huang Yilin jumped river to save the things spread, Ms. Yin received many relatives and friends condolences, praise, but also by many friends and relatives "accountability."
"I'm really scared to think about it now!" to tell the truth, when the child on the embankment is not going to go on, to me for help, my heart is almost broken. ”
Ms. Yin said, despite the danger, but if again in that scene, she will still support her daughter's choice, she is proud of her daughter!
Because it is forced, Huang Yilin after learning to swim rarely take the initiative to go into the water, "did not think of this skill is really useful".
According to Huang Yilin class monitor Chen Yi helioversal Introduction, Huang Yilin is recognized in the class "Couba", and is ready to help others.
Yunnan Province first Green games 13th opening ceremony playing the national card display youth Vigor
The first youth games in Yunnan Province will be held in Dehong Mangshi from August 13 to August 22.
August 12, in Dehong Mangshi, the organizing Committee held a press conference to introduce the organization of the contest and preparations for the opening ceremony.
Yunnan Province, the first youth sports games by the Yunnan Provincial Sports Bureau, Mangshi People's government, the Games will be held on the morning of 13th opening ceremony.
The competition includes 11 items, including track and field, football, basketball, tennis, volleyball, weightlifting, cycling, wrestling, gymnastics and martial arts, involving 180 small competitions.
Changlin, deputy director of the organizing committee of the first Youth Games in Yunnan province, and vice secretary of the Provincial Sports Bureau, introduced the principle of "government-led, market-operation and thrift-run", and all the preparatory work was in place.
Dehong Old league Weightlifting Hall and martial arts Hall, Mangshi a small wrestling hall, the Silver Tower scenic mountain bike track and other repair work has been completed.
At the event, the Conference has recruited 580 volunteers, who will provide enthusiastic service to athletes and spectators at various venues during the tournament.
At the same time, 70 medical staff and 11 ambulances were deployed from Dehong hospitals to form 11 medical teams, which were responsible for the health care of the competition site and the athletes ' accommodation.
Related to the opening and closing ceremonies, the celebration of the ceremony combined with the traditional characteristics of Yunnan minority nationalities, will show the rich cultural connotations of Yunnan.
At present, in preparation for the opening ceremony of theatrical performances, a total of 1500 students from the Dehong Vocational College and other professional actors, the total of more than 2000 people.
The opening and closing ceremonies will be fully integrated into the elements of Yunnan, and the characteristics of Dehong Mangshi regional culture and folklore.
At present, the opening ceremony of the rehearsal work is over, tomorrow morning will be a formal performance.
The opening ceremony of the green Games is a larger scale than ever before.
From September 1 onwards, 60-to 64-year-olds can take half-price buses in urban areas.
11th morning, Jining Bus company IC Card Sales Center, Office Card window before several elderly people are queuing to run cards, 62-year-old uncle Yao to get the elderly Half-price card.
Earlier, Jining Aging Committee, Municipal Finance Bureau, the city Transportation Bureau issued "about the 60-64-year-old senior citizen by the urban bus notice", the preferential policy from September 1 this year formally implemented.
"Meet the conditions of the elderly, holding a second-generation ID card to the IC Sales Center for processing can be, the foreign account in line with the age of the elderly also enjoy this concession. ”
Liu Xia, deputy director of the Computer center of Jining Bus company, said that since August 1, it has already run more than 200 Half-price cards for the elderly.
At present, the old card is divided into two kinds, one is the old-age free card, one is the old-age card.
"In order to facilitate the elderly, the system has been upgraded, the old age free card from the original one-year trial two times reduced to one, card-holders of the elderly do not have to run two times." ”
According to the SFC's official microblog news, the SFC said today that it is working closely with the securities regulatory authorities and the Shenzhen and HKEx.
At the same time, the SFC set up a "Hong Kong-Shenzhen Tong" Special Working Group, and actively promote the "Hong Kong-Shenzhen Tong" all the preparatory work, pending the relevant regulatory rules and equipment ready, this year will be timing open.
Mass fraud message reached a certain number, even if the fraud is not successful, can also be criminalized fraud.
Henan province Nanyang Wolong District People's Court, September 30, 2015 to October 4, the defendant Li Huaiwang successively in Tongbai County, Nanyang City area using pseudo base station equipment to send fraudulent information.
In the same year, October 5 10 o'clock Xu, the accused again came to Nanyang Wolong District a hotel room with a group of fraudulent text messages, was captured by public Security police.
After evaluation, the pseudo base station equipment sent 62,228 text message on October 4, 2015, resulting in 62,228 mobile phone users per capita communication interruption of 8 seconds to 10 minutes or less.
The Court considered that the defendant Li Huaiwang to use the false base station to send fraudulent messages to the majority of the people in 62,228, its behavior has constituted a crime of fraud.
When the defendant was arrested, the accused was not guilty, and the guilty attitude was better, and the suggestion was adopted.
Combined with the nature of the defendant's crime, guilty plea and other circumstances, the crime of fraud was sentenced to 4 years 6 months, and a fine of 10,000 yuan.
The Amur tiger, currently classified as endangered (EN) by the World Conservation Union (IUCN) 's Red List of endangered species.
According to the Forestry Department of Jilin Province, 1998, the United States and Russia and other countries monitoring data show that Jilin Province only has wild Amur tigers 4 to 6, Northeast Leopard 3 to 5.
According to Changchun, director of the Protection Department of Forestry Department of Jilin Province, in recent years, Jilin Province has been increasing the protection of wildlife, the population of Amur tiger and northeast leopard in China is increasing significantly and the distribution area is expanding.
The latest monitoring data in 2015 showed that only 27 wild Amur tigers and 42 Northeast leopard were detected in Jilin Province.
As the flagship species of World Wildlife conservation in the Sino-Russian border region, cooperation between China and Russia is significant for the recovery and reproduction of wild Amur tigers and leopard populations.
According to the Forestry Department of Jilin Province, the Jilin Province has established a long-term and stable cooperation and exchange mechanism with Russia.
At the end of 11th, the 2016 China Hunchun Tiger Leopard Protection International Forum, the Chinese and Russian forestry sector and animal protection organizations once again reached a number of consensus.
Jilin Province Forestry Department said, strengthen the Sino-Russian Tiger, leopard protection cooperation, not only is China's Siberian tiger, leopard protection is facing a very urgent task, but also to maintain the Russian tiger, leopard population health priorities.
Sun Fujian as a party member cadre, the ideal faith loses, violates the party's discipline seriously, and the party's 18 big after still does not converge, does not collect the hand, the wind against the wind violates the discipline, the nature is bad, the plot is serious.
After the case, after a number of media coverage, become the focus of the case, the social impact is very bad.
After the case, Haikou Public Security Bureau Police Detachment leadership attaches great importance to the immediate organization of a brigade of capable police initiative to launch an investigation.
Police immediately put the suspect on the internet to run, take a variety of measures dispatched, and by contacting the foreign police investigation Wang a country's whereabouts.
Because the suspect is a thief, repeatedly by the public security organs dealt with, has a strong ability to counter reconnaissance, coupled with his long-term drug addiction, interrogation poisoning often attack, interrogation work is very difficult.
The Greenland shark, also known as the head sleeper shark, is widely distributed in the North Atlantic Ocean around Greenland and Iceland, reaching a height of 4 to 5 metres in adulthood.
But they grow extremely slowly, sometimes about 1 centimeters in 1 years, suggesting that the Greenland shark may have an exceptionally long lifespan.
Traditional dating methods usually use animal calcification tissue, and some sharks can use fins, but the calcification is rare in the Greenland shark.
New research led by 尤利乌斯·尼尔森, from the University of Copenhagen in Denmark, turned to the use of the eye lens of the Greenland shark for radiocarbon dating.
This method has previously been used to determine the age of whales, but it is the first time for fish to be identified as sharks.
Their analysis shows that the largest shark has an estimated lifespan of 392 years, with an error of 120 years.
This means that the shark is at least 272 years old and may be 512 years old.
In addition, the female Greenland shark is said to be about 4 meters long to be sexually mature, conversion to age is at least 156 years old before adulthood.
The researchers wrote in the paper that the Greenland shark is known as the oldest vertebrate animal on Earth, surpassing the former longevity champion Right Whale (211 years old).
Over the past year, the results of the reform have been remarkable, the RMB exchange rate has remained basically stable, and it has laid a foundation for promoting RMB internationalization.
In terms of market performance, the two-way floating characteristics of RMB exchange rate are obvious, the exchange rate elasticity is enhanced and the exchange rate is expected to be stable.
Since then, the fluctuation of RMB to the middle price of the US dollar exceeding 100 points has appeared frequently, but the process has been changed.
Last year's "8·11" before the transfer of reform measures implemented in 2005, a decade of RMB appreciation of the dollar significantly.
Since the implementation of the new exchange, the renminbi has changed its previous appreciation status, the renminbi exchange rate in the middle of a year, the devaluation of about 8%.
October 1 This year, the International Monetary Fund will formally accept the renminbi, the SDR (Special drawing rights) The weight of the currency.
In the first 7 months of this year, China's imports and exports were 13.21 trillion yuan, down 3% from a year earlier, according to statistics released by the Customs administration of China this week.
In the month of July, China's imports and exports fell only 0.9% year-on-year, especially as exports rose 2.9% per cent year-on-year.
Relevant experts believe that, despite signs of stabilisation in July, there should be no high expectations.
July, China's imports and exports of 2.09 trillion yuan, the year-on-year decline of 0.9%.
Among them, exports 1.22 trillion yuan, the growth 2.9%, imports 873 billion yuan, falls 5.7%, the trade surplus 342.8 billion yuan, expands 34%.
Despite the year-on-year decline in imports and exports, export data have grown, which is the fifth consecutive month of export growth since March this year.
Shanghai police 4 months to catch thieves more than 3,400 people to fight "steal Rob Cheat" gang 157
In the detection of the case, the police also recovered stolen money and loot totaled RMB more than 33 million yuan.
According to the members of the theft gang, they passed through the black car to enter Shanghai, then respectively get off the crime, a few hours after their respective rendezvous, and then leave Shanghai.
In the course of the crime suspects often take a building as a unit, the use of external wall climbing, break the anti-theft window fence way from top to bottom "sweep floor" theft.
Recently, the suspected suspect has been Xuhui Public Security Bureau transferred to Xuhui Procuratorate to review the prosecution.
Police remind the general public that when they go out, they must lock the windows and doors of the house, and the choice of the Anti-Theft window, the public should choose the steel with hard material.
In late August, Japan's prime minister, Shinzo Abe, is to attend the sixth session of the African Development Conference in Kenya, according to the Chinese voice, news of the evening peak.
The African development Conference, dominated by Japan, was preceded by five meetings in Tokyo or Yokohama, so the conference will be the first to move to Africa.
Japanese Foreign ministry officials said the local meeting in Africa helped draw attention from African and European countries to Japan.
To coincide with Mr. Abe's three visit, the LDP will send a parliamentary group to the countries concerned, according to Kyodo News.
It is no coincidence that Japan's "frequent" road began in the early 90, when the African Development Conference, launched by Japan, also started in 1993.
Africa has 53 seats in the United Nations and is an important ticket for the United Nations, and how can Japan abandon Africa if it wants to be "regular"?
An exchange of views will also be exchanged with interested parties on the extreme organization of "Islamic States" and terrorist tactics.
The Western Group will visit 7 countries, including Sierra Leone, Liberia and Guinea-Bissau.
Japan's foreign-Kishida bank has also recently stated its intentions in the UN Security Council on the African Development Conference.
Mr Abe has announced here that it will provide 100 billion yen (about 6.1 billion yuan) of aid in 5 years for the stability of sub-Saharan African countries.
Observers generally believe that Japan has been generous to Africa for two purposes: to increase Japan's sense of presence in Africa and to win the support of African countries on the issue.
"From a political point of view, Africa, although relatively underdeveloped, has a larger number of countries, so Japan has always regarded it as a so-called ' large field, '" said Yang Bojiang, a Japanese expert. ”
In the future, Japan will not give up, and its work on Africa will not be terminated.
Economic aspect, because Japan's production capacity is relatively strong, but the domestic market is comparatively limited, especially at present in the background of the minority aging, domestic demand is relatively depressed.
However, from Junichiro Koizumi, 10 ago, to Abe, 10 years later, Japan has repeatedly launched the "sprint", but all failed to return.
Japan's expert Yang Bojiang believes that Japan's intention to glance at the usual, but the road to the usual will be difficult.
In order to achieve its goal, Japan must first make good relations with neighboring countries, in which the Japanese need to have a correct attitude, whether in the geopolitical contest or in the national dispute and the historical understanding.
Haikou Maritime Court early morning filing to ensure the rights and interests of Lingao fishing vessel sinking
3 of the relatives of the dead crew rushed to Haikou Maritime Court on August 7 at 4 o'clock in the morning to submit an application for the seizure of the alleged cargo vessel before the prosecution.
4th after the incident, the suspected cargo vessel was detained by the Marine Bureau Yuhai Port to assist in the investigation.
In view of the expiry of the 72-hour detention period at 9 o'clock in the morning on August 7, the relatives of the victims filed an application for property preservation to the court early on 7th.
4:20 A.M., the applicant before the prosecution of property preservation, on duty bailiff patient reception.
The forum was presided over by Professor Cao, executive vice dean of the School of Politics and Public administration, Shandong University.
What are the challenges of global economic globalization and integration for governing capacity?
How does national governance adapt to a changing world?
At that time, Vandechan will carry on the omni-directional analysis to afore-mentioned question.
Van der is still a professor of law at Peking University, deputy Director and Secretary-General of the Center for Global Governance Research at Peking University, and former director of the Beijing office of Cornell University.
The current research focuses on the profound changes in the global politics, economics, science and technology, cultural and religious fields, and the opportunities and challenges that these changes pose to national governance, leadership, and global governance.
Traditional customs introduce new bright spot "2016 culture festival" opening of Hong Kong Victoria Park
Gongs and drums of music, traditional snacks, fancy decorations, crowds raging scene.
The "2016 Culture festival" organised by the Hong Kong Association of the Tides is the largest in Hong Kong in Victoria Park from 12th to 14th.
In addition to the continuation of the existing "race", but also increased the family can participate in the "Children's bowl for the heap base race."
Not only in the form of the introduction of the cultural history of the orchid, the scene also has the theme of 3D self-portrait area, traditional small food areas and traditional crafts, such as mobile classrooms, attracting many children and overseas people to experience the visit.
A couple from France stayed at the scene for nearly 3 hours and experienced a mini card mobile classroom.
"On the Internet to find this special holiday, so decided to see, feel very fresh." ”
They said that although France has a similar commemoration of ancestors of the festival, but the atmosphere is very heavy, unlike here, there is music, there is food can also learn traditional crafts.
She said, "in such a busy financial metropolis as Hong Kong, we can see the rituals of such a large and organized cult ancestor." ”
"This not only embodies the diversity of Chinese culture, but also allows more people to understand these traditional crafts and pass on." ”
Hutison said, "We do not want to decorate the Orchid culture festival is very scary, people dare not close, especially children." ”
We hope that through the site rejuvenation of the activities and arrangements, let young people know that the culture behind the Orchid Festival is filial piety and Thanksgiving. “
He also said that a total of 24 teams participated in the "Race to compete", including not only the community organizations, but also with some schools to participate in the students.
It is understood that the Hong Kong tide People's victory will be included in the "National Intangible Cultural Heritage Directory" in 2011.
11th evening, the Chinese National Opera House with the famous drama "White Snake Biography" traveled thousands of miles to Mexico City, in the Mexican National Art Palace for the local people presented an authentic Beijing opera feast.
As a key performance project of the "China-la cultural exchange Year", the National Peking Opera troupe performed 7 Beijing opera in 5 cities, such as Mexico City and Cordoba and Juarez, from August 9 to 23rd.
The audience followed the "White Snake biography" plot of the transforms, the actor's singing, sometimes smiled, and sometimes warm applause.
玛丽萨·希门尼斯·卡乔, who had watched the performance of Beijing opera 15 years ago, accompanied her daughter.
"This is a wonderful performance, music, lighting, stage performances have impressed me, ... I think it is necessary for my daughter to understand Chinese culture and the art of Chinese opera. ”
The enthusiasm of the Mexican audience impressed the white snake player, the young actress Shangjia.
"I didn't expect the Mexican audience to be so enthusiastic and I was worried that they could understand the story, but it was a surprise to see them catch the storyline and a lot of laughs today," he said. ”
The Chinese ambassador to Mexico, Qiu, said that the cultural exchange activities of this year's "China-China Cultural exchange Year" have played a positive role in promoting better understanding and friendship between the Chinese and Mexican peoples.
Next year is the 45 anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic ties between China and Mexico, and more cultural exchanges will be held in China and Mexico.
Liu Yigui to Sanya research "double repair, Twin Cities" request to improve the urban construction management level
12th morning, Liu Yigui presided over the symposium, heard the Sanya "double Repair" "Twin Cities" pilot work to promote the situation and the relevant departments of the suggestions.
Liu Yigui has given full affirmation to the phased results achieved in the pilot work and to the good experiences and good practices created.
Liu Yigui stressed that Sanya should seize the opportunity of historical development, take "double repair" and "Twin Cities" pilot work as an important hand, and give full play to the leading role of demonstration in the economic and social development of the province.
To promote international tourism island to play a good role in the internationalization, from the details, rich international elements, to create international products.
To play a leading role in urban-rural integration and tourism in the whole region, speed up the construction of characteristic and amorous town, integrate the elements of tourism into each project, and build every village and town in Sanya into a tourist area.
We should play a leading role in "service Social investment Hundred Days", promote a number of major projects and park construction, ensure the landing of high-quality projects, the implementation of the requirements of the major action.
Party committee, Sanya Municipal Committee secretary Zhang, vice Governor Wang, provincial government Secretary-General Lu Zhiyuan participated in the research discussion.
Deng Yaping in the 14 sports career, a total of 18 world championships, the Chinese Olympic Games in the history of the first win four Olympic gold medals.
She kept the world first in the tennis rankings for 8 consecutive years and was the longest-running female athlete in the history of table tennis.
September 26, 2010, Deputy Secretary-General of People's daily and the general manager of the popular search network AG, the stall-level cadres.
Recently, she will join hands with Yu to create the first domestic sports industry innovation and entrepreneurship platform.
Chinese sports also have such a group of star coaches: they are in the athletes era of unlimited glory for the country to win countless, after the retirement will be taught for many years later, to cultivate the winner.
As the first world champion of Chinese men's gymnastics, Huang chose to pick up the pointer after retiring.
From the female team coach to the male team coach, then to head coach, Huang built an "Olympic gold Regiment", the more rate team in the Beijing Olympic Games won 9 Gold 1 silver 4 bronze myth record.
Since then, Tian has been advertising endorsements, but also in recent years played a "cowboy", "Lei Feng" and other important roles.
Many NBA players have proved their strength. But some progress is the downfall of others.
Whether it's because of the age or the time limit, there are some players who will show a setback every season.
Of course, some "backwards" may just be the shrinking of the data, and the players ' strength may not fall.
Even though Wade is still one of the league's best scoring guards, his performance at the Bulls should not be as good as the heat.
He and Rondo have a limited range of the back field, the Star Butler's three-point hit is only 32.8%, which makes them very crowded next season's attack.
Came to the Windy City, the Lightning man will be more than the ball to Butler and long, he is likely to choose in the regular game regimen.
Okafor's situation was awkward and, as the first choice for 76 people last season, he had to compete with Simmons and Embid in the new season.
This competition may not come quickly, Simmons also needs to adapt to the NBA arena, Embid also want to recover from the injury as soon as possible, but the Okafor can be 76 people in the long array of positions is still a problem.
Last season, Okafor's 32% score came from low attacks, which were higher than Caucins, Vucevic and 布鲁克·洛佩斯, while his use was high in the top 40 of the league.
As Simmons has shown excellent control striker potential, Embid also has a better fit for the NBA game, and Okafor's position may be hard to stabilize.
For the past two seasons, Thompson's usage has stabilized in the top 20 of the league, which is the best two seasons of his career.
The problem, however, is that with Durant's arrival, Thompson's usage rate will surely drop, which will affect his play.
This effect will not only be the impact of the number of shots, Tang Shin's ball attack in the next season will certainly be greatly reduced, which in some ways will reduce the opponent's defense difficulty.
Durant's arrival will certainly make the Warriors ' figures shrink, but the most serious shrinkage is Thompson.
But that does not mean that Tang Shin's level of decline is more likely to make a sacrifice for the team as a whole.
Parker's performance last season was better than the data reflected, not only because his basket efficiency came to the highest level, but he and Aldridge's chemistry also benefited the Spurs.
Duncan retired, and Gino announced another year of war, the combination of GDP finally came to an end, as the youngest of three people, the French sports car is not much oil in the tank.
After winning the third championship ring, only Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Jordan and Rasselbijams won more regular MVP, and Jordan was the only one FMVP James Dore.
Oh, yes, James has just brought Cleveland the first professional sports champion trophy in the last 52 years.
James, who has come to the 14th season of his career, needs to be better prepared for the playoffs.
So in the regular season, James ' data is likely to fall further and he will take more of the burden to Owen, but he will still be easily the top three player in the league.
"Be sure to learn from the domestic talent in Russia to develop."
12th local time, the chairman of the Moscow Overseas Chinese Federation Huang in the see Beijing reporter excitedly said.
Not long ago, she participated in the National Chinese Affairs Office of the State Council of China, Jinan University sponsored by the "Overseas Chinese Cultural Community Chinese talent (calligraphy, painting) training courses."
Just take part in the training class, I do not know the painting from where to start, the result in the course of the end, already can draw and write their own works.
When they return to Moscow, they must use the knowledge and skills they have learned to make their own contribution to the spread and promotion of Chinese culture.
Nayanwe, the Secretary-General of the Russian Association for the promotion of Chinese culture, also has the same feeling.
She said that she has made great progress with the help of the teachers in the training course, and also felt the heavy responsibility as "the overseas disseminator of Chinese culture".
Nayanwe said that after returning to Russia, he must spread and promote the Chinese traditional culture among the Chinese and the Russians who love Chinese culture.
At 19:35 today, in the 22nd round of the first in the Super game, Chongqing Lifan away to challenge Beijing Guoan.
The first 29 minutes, dong Fencing penalty break, the first 39 minutes, the new Caldech in Fernando assists in the harvest of the first ball, 81 minutes, Guoan to recover a goal.
10 minutes after the match, Lifan continued to hit the corner of the opportunity, Fernando Small angle volley by the security line to block the bottom line.
The first 15 minutes, Zhang dilute Zhe midfield straight pick, Ilmaz has been straight to the restricted area, the Liu preemptive foot to the ball damage.
1 minutes later Park Cheng in the left before inserting crosses, in the Grand Treasure area of the middle of the road shooting not kicking, Lifan goalkeeper Deng will the ball confiscated.
Fernando right a pair of two back to the front of a sudden pick up the door, Caldech before inserting the Rethen Dragon flying flapping action, the referee decided the penalty, and to Retenron show yellow card.
Guoan in the first 37 minutes on the substitution adjustment, Zhang Xiaobin fate, Zhang Zhiming debut fange old Master.
Caldech to get rid of the ball before the penalty box, Fernando on the left side of the restricted ball crosses, Caldech homeopathy push break.
This is also Caldech in the super start of the tournament scored scored, Lifan 2:0 lead.
In the second half, Fernando won the right Free-kick with a forced breakthrough, but a small angle of header played high.
After Deng was judged to delay the time to receive a yellow card, the replacement of the Peng Xinli due to foul in front of the penalty also received a yellow card.
The first 56 minutes, Zhang Zhiming left inside and Zhang dilute ZHE transmission cooperation, its ARC ball header was Deng block out.
Liu before the Forbidden area ferocious shovel Rob invasion Krimmetz, he and emotional dong successively received yellow card.
The first 63 minutes, Fernando right strikes was Krimmetz directly knocked over, Fernando Krimmetz action very dissatisfied, Krimmetz received yellow card.
After 1 minutes, Fernando again on the right display strikes ability, in the big treasure Chase fouls also receive yellow card.
Ilmaz restricted area line force break through, in Zheng and Rong legs interception action under the ground, referee judge penalty, Ilmaz fencing, Lifan 2:1 Guoan.
The first 86 minutes, zhouting on the right to send a cross, Sergeev in the closed area of the chest after the ball to stop the shot, Deng again with wonderful saves the ball sealed out.
4 minutes after the injury, Lifan will 2-1 of the score to the final, away from the homeland to win.
After winning this valuable 3 points, the current Lifan points to 27 points, the temporary standings 10th place.
Lehmann will be an expert in the Bundesliga Asian media partners to participate in various local fan activities.
According to the introduction, this fall, the Bundesliga league image of the Ambassador Lyman and Matt will be on behalf of the Bundesliga in Asia and the Americas to launch a legendary tour, for the 2016/17 season Bundesliga opening outpost.
The event, which spans two continents and covers four top cities, will be warmed up for the new season with fans everywhere.
The Bundesliga league is regarded as one of the top five European leagues (the Premier League, La Liga, Serie A, Bundesliga, French), and is the flagship event of the German sport in the football kingdom.
As one of the world's most powerful leagues, the Bundesliga has attracted about 13.3 million spectators to the stadium in just 2014-2015 seasons.
The Bundesliga giants representing Bayern Munich, Dortmund and famous star Thomas, Ram, and GE are widely known in China.
With the previous Bundesliga on-line microblogging, Youku and micro-letter Chinese platform, the Bundesliga hopes to provide Chinese fans with a broader and more timely and convenient channels to obtain the latest league news.
The British won the silver medal in the seven-man rugby game and Fiji won the gold medal.
In the final of the seven-man rugby game in the evening of Thursday, the British team was defeated by Fiji in 43:7 at the Riotio Doro Stadium after failing to perform well before Fiji.
Fiji won the gold medal for its impeccable performance in possession, interception, avoidance, co-ordination, running and strength, the first Olympic medal in the country's history.
The silver medal was a great consolation to the defeated British team, which was the third silver medal The British delegation had won that day. The score was enough to make the English Olive team proud: They beat New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa in the first seven-man rugby game.
Earlier in the day, the British team narrowly defeated South Africa by 7:5, which could affect their status in the final.
But in any case, Fiji is now enough to beat a 15-person team with a full spirit.
Tomorrow, at least one Englishman will wear a gold medal, which may be a consolation to the British team, but it may not be. The Englishman, the head of the Fiji team from Wimbledon, was coach 本·瑞恩, who served as England's coach.
It is not easy for the British team to achieve today's results.
Eight years ago, under the coaching of Ryan, they had no victory at the international rugby Sevens game.
Now they are only one step away from the championship.
Although they were hit hard, they made remarkable progress.
Fiji took advantage of the opening, making the British team defenseless.
For Mitchell and his teammates, it's like hitting a series of buses that are moving. The World Series champions have been far ahead of the 5:0 score when 欧西·科林尼索 stormed into the corner flag.
Only four minutes after the game, 杰瑞·图怀 again scored on the right.
12:0, the British team has barely touched the ball.
Mitchell's strong interdiction made the giant Lyon Nakarava not score a third time, but it just slowed Fiji's score.
In 7 minutes, 亚萨·卫莱马鲁 in the right corner. 17:0, the British team to the worse.
That Caravaggio another point, and the game ... 1 minutes left in the first half.
Then, 瓦特莫·拉沃沃 broke through the English team's defense, straight to the scoring line.
At Half-time, the score was 29:0.
The Fijians were born to play 7-man football, and the British team was still a rookie.
This is the case.
The British team made a big change in the second half and hit the Fijian line for four minutes, which was good for the first half. But after the Fiji team played a wonderful match, the 乔舒亚·图埃索瓦 scored again.
丹·诺顿 for the British team to create a scoring opportunity, he touched the ground in the left corner, the score changed to 36:7, but the game has long been in the South China Sea Island control, their fans on the platform singing loudly, waving flags, singing and dancing.
The Fiji team's wonderful performance had to be applaud.
马塔·威廉 at the last minute stopped the Fiji team from an indifferent attack.
The final whistle sounded, the Fijian embraced together, and the defeated British team can only regret the exit.
Earlier in the day, Fiji defeated the Japanese team in 20:5 in the semi-final, while Britain narrowly edged out South Africa in a fierce semi-final clash.
The first half Brown helped South Africa to get ahead, but 丹·诺顿 scored in the second half with a good footwork.
Then England's Anthony's brother, 马库斯·沃森, ensured the team's victory with a brilliant intercept and eventually the British team won the silver medal.
海伦·格 love and 希瑟·斯坦宁, encouraged by the cancer coach, won the rowing gold medal.
It is no exaggeration to say that this is one of the most moving gold medals.
From the first paddle to the present, 海伦·格 love and 希瑟·斯坦宁 have received 220 punitive training, and their gold medal in Estacio da Lagoa has a more remarkable significance.
Though they were the only two to paddle, there was a man on board--coach Robin--who had been accompanying them for the second consecutive women's double paddle Olympic gold medal, which was the UK's first to reach this height of the rowing women's combination.
They have maintained 39 unbeaten records and have an absolute advantage.
What we are seeing is that these two talented athletes are walking gracefully on the water, but this is not the whole of the victory.
There are many volunteers behind every gold medal, and it is their constant devotion that makes a difference, and the greatest help is a coach who learned that he had cancer 30 months ago and did not know if he could live to see the day.
As he said, death may come at any moment.
I had bladder cancer and they operated on me.
If you do not operate, the cancer cells will spread throughout the body.
In this way, the situation will be much worse.
This will change your mind slightly.
Williams was diagnosed with cancer in December 2013.
Luckily, he started treatment in early 2014, minimizing the impact, although in this case it might not be appropriate to say so.
I need to get paid, so I have to be better soon.
It's an inspiration to me.
I live in a hospital, and although they say it's enough to walk a few steps, I walk 20 feet, 30 feet, 50 feet every time I go around the ward.
This is the beginning of everything.
The rowing movement itself was a journey, which made the journey a little longer.
The first thing they thought of was Williams at the moment of the gold medal. Williams was slightly talkative this morning than usual, to overcome his anxiety.
"I was in a bad mood this week and it might be a bit extreme, but the gold medal really means a lot," said Stanning, who was the head of the Royal Artillery team. ”
It repeatedly told me how important it was to me, how much effort I, Helen, and Robin had made.
This is Helen, Robin and I have been trying for three years in return.
Without Robin, we're just nobody, thank him very much, he's the best coach in the world.
I can't find a better trainer and coach than him.
海伦·格 Love and 希瑟·斯坦宁 were undefeated in five years.
The penalties set by the combination are unmatched by their rivals.
Even at the end of the 500 metres, New Zealand and Denmark are approaching, stanning and Graff still have plenty of physical reserves.
It was so thrilling.
Helen shouted: "Keep the rhythm, keep the rhythm."
It is really important not to be affected by your opponents.
We have a good start, and we are not looking forward to doing something big and earthshaking.
We did not think of today's glory, we just wanted to paddle each oar and win the game, and we did it.
The combination took a year to determine its future.
Graff will marry the TV explorer 史蒂夫·巴克沙尔 next month.
But now, she just wants to enjoy the moment.
I don't want to say it's my last game.
This will bring me too much pressure.
In London, it took me about six months to realize that I was the Olympic champion.
It was a whole new experience and I felt very nervous.
It has now elapsed for about 4 minutes.
"I feel much better," she says. ”
The stunning structure of the Los Angeles Central Library
The Southern California branch of the American Institute of Architectural Historians has held a salon with 阿诺·斯瓦茨曼 and 史蒂芬·吉, author of the Los Angeles Central Museum: its art and architectural history. Through this event, viewers can learn more about the history of Central Library in the city centre.
Gillette and Swatzman will discuss and share images of the 1926 贝特伦·古德西 Design and the restoration and expansion of the 哈迪·霍尔兹曼·弗夫尔 office in 1933.
The salon's time is: August 21 2 o'clock in the afternoon to 4 points, location: Salle Moderne, Art Deco Southwestern School of the (former Bullocks Wilshire), $number Wilshire Blvd.
Participants can visit the central hall, the time room, the Cactus Lounge and the teahouse.
Advance booking is required; SAHSCC member: USD 15; Non-member: $25.
DTLA's Open factory loft has a comfortable makeover.
Celebrating the 90 anniversary of the Los Angeles Central Library and the sale of new books
Bulgaria has seen inflation for the first time in 8 months.
The national statistical results show that in July Bulgaria's monthly inflation rate was 1%.
This is the highest rate of inflation in years (since June 2012). After last October (inflation rate 0.2%), the inflation rate exceeded 0 points for the first time.
Compared with the previous 12 months (August 2014 to July 2015), the average annual inflation rate (measured in consumer price indices) for the past 12 months (August 2015 to July 2016) was 0.8%.
Compared with June 2016, the consumer price index in July 2016 was 101%, or the monthly inflation rate was 1%.
The inflation rate so far this year (July 2016 versus December 2015) is 0.2%. Compared with July 2015, the annual inflation rate in July 2016 was 0.2%.
The prices of the following categories of consumer goods rose in July 2016 compared to last month: Food and Non-alcoholic Beverages (1.7%), Traffic (1.8%), Entertainment and Culture (6.3%), restaurants and hotels (1.2%), and other goods and services (0.3%).
Prices declined with clothing and footwear (2.2%), furniture, home appliances and conventional maintenance (0.5%), Medical (0.1%).
Alcoholic beverages and tobacco, housing, water, electricity, natural gas and other fuels, communications, and education were flat with prices last month.
Snapchat's "anime" effect is meant to be ironic to Asians.
Snapchat said the filter was inspired by animation, but some observers thought it was racially colored.
Snapchat's 150 million of everyday users can change the reality through their filter tools and make the person funny.
You can turn yourself into a pineapple, a dog, or a 罗伊·利希滕斯坦 painting role.
These lenses have the effect of passivation and bending characteristics, resulting in more than 30 million modified self-portraits per day.
Any mistake will be immediately noticed by the public.
Snapchat lenses have been criticized for being used to agitate to play black or white skin.
So, when the application this week provided a filter for some users to create a squint, a weird tooth, and a powder face effect, some commentators called it a racial satire on Asian "yellow people".
They even think that these recurring problems mean that the company has big problems with diversity.
After Snapchat said it had removed the feature, The Verge and motherboard report sparked outrage in Wednesday.
The company's explanation is that the filter is a tribute to the anime characters, not the irony of Asians.
But for those who have experienced racism, the filter reminds them of a real, hurtful stereotype.
Others are adamantly opposed to these anime images.
A Korean-American art student who published Twitter and was widely shared in the photos said the filters were "at least uncomfortable and uncomfortable".
She added: "It is difficult to distinguish between the most disgusting Asian satirical images and the effects of filters." ”
Although the filter is not only yellow people, but the yellow people are extremely degraded.
Snapchat is not the only company that touches the bottom line of these cultures.
From corporate boardrooms to Hollywood and the equipment we carry, American culture seems to have been advocating diversity and inclusiveness.
Snapchat's vast young population is likely to be very sensitive because of its greater focus on ethnic diversity than the older generation.
When one of Snapchat's filters produced an insult to users, 25-year-old Juketi said in an interview in Thursday: "These things are harder to escape than they were before." ”
Ms Zhu, who acted as product manager and engineer at medium in Thursday, decided to delete her Snapchat account and encourage others to do the same.
In an article written for medium and a telephone interview, she said she thought racial controversy reflected Snapchat's lack of racial diversity in the recruitment process.
Ms. Zhu criticized the company's employees for the majority of whites, and the leadership was all male and added a label at the end of the article: #DeleteSnapchat.
As a Chinese-American, Ms Chu said: "Either they don't have a variety of people in their workforce, so they can make this decision, or there are some colored people in their staff, but their jobs won't let them speak freely." ”
Other observers shared complaints that she had not been Snapchat to respond to.
The company did not release data on the diversity of its workforce and said it was a private company.
Snapchat declined to discuss the ethnic background of its employees in Thursday, but a spokeswoman said the company recently hired a recruiter to focus on the lower-level population and to promote internal inclusiveness.
Ms Zhu said she would close her Snapchat account: "I wonder if they need more users like us to oppose this behavior." ”
Congressional panel says military officials distort ISIS's intelligence
A congressional team in a report released in Thursday noted that U.S. Central Command officials have changed intelligence reports, describing the war situation in Iraq and Syria against Islamic countries as more optimistic than the actual situation.
The interim report comes from a special working group organized by the House Armed Services Committee, the Intelligence Commission and the Republican chairman of the House Appropriations Committee, the Defence Subcommittee. The report said there was "widespread dissatisfaction" among central Command intelligence analysts, who said their superiors were tampering with their assessment of the war between the United States and the Islamic nation.
The Central Command (CENTCOM), located in Florida State Tampa, is the military headquarters responsible for overseeing U.S. military operations in the Middle East and Central Asia.
According to a report on the news, "the intelligence that has been vetted by senior leaders at the Central Command has been more optimistic about U.S. counterterrorism operations than it is, and has always been more optimistic than the analysis of other intelligence agencies." ”
California State Republican representative said: "The Central Command's behavior is difficult to accept." One side is that our warriors are suffering from war, and the other side is the wrong analysis of senior policy makers. ”
The leadership issues of the Central Command have been extended to the highest level of the agency.
The report details the long-standing problems of the 2014 and 2015 Central Command in describing and analysing the United States training of Iraqi troops.
While there is no certainty that the Obama administration's top officials have ordered the changes, the analysts feel they are under pressure from Central Command leaders to make them more optimistic about the threat of the Islamic State (ISIS or ISIL), as described in the report.
"In the first half of 2015, many Central Command press releases, statements and congressional testimony were much more optimistic than they were," the report said. ”
For example, a central command official said publicly that it was possible to take a major military operation to retake Mosul as early as April 2015 or May.
Almawsil, Iraq's second-largest city, is still under the control of the Islamic State.
"After months of investigation, the results are clear," The Kansas Republican Representative, Mike Peo, said in a statement. ”
Since the middle of 2014 to the middle of 2015, most senior intelligence officers at the U.S. Central Command have manipulated the command's intelligence products, concealing the threat of the Islamic State of Iraq.
The Republican Party has set up a special working group to learn from analysts about Islamic intelligence being manipulated.
As the investigation continues, there will be more discoveries following the report released in Thursday.
The attorney general of the Ministry of Defence also conducted a long-term investigation into the central Command.
Democratic members of the House Intelligence Committee published their findings in Thursday, in line with some of the conclusions of the Republican ad Hoc working group.
In a statement, the committee's Democratic leader, Cheandar, said: "During the period from 2014 to 2015, the Central Command developed an overly narrow process for intelligence assessments of Islamic countries and Iraqi peacekeepers." ”
Mr Cheandar says the process "interferes with the release of intelligence", lowers analyst morale and "cannot accept different opinions." ”
But Mr Cheandar and Democrats said they had found no evidence that the White House was trying to put pressure on analysts at the Central Command, and that their conclusions were consistent with "presupposition or political narratives." ”
The Beast Daily reported the preliminary results of congressional investigation in Tuesday.
Last August, the New York Times reported that after receiving a complaint from a central Command analyst, the Pentagon attorney general began an investigation.
Pentagon spokesman Navy Major 帕特里克·埃文斯 said in a statement that the Pentagon did not comment on the congressional report until the Attorney-General's investigation was completed.
But he said: "Experts sometimes disagree over the interpretation of complex data, and intelligence agencies and the Ministry of Defence encourage healthy dialogue on these important national security themes." ”
The impact of the survey exceeded the success of U.S.-led bombing operations in Iraq and Syria, as more and more defense officials claimed.
But last year, these assertions raised questions about the extent to which President Obama could trust the assessment of military operations in Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya and other crisis areas issued by the Central Command.
The criticism of Islamic intelligence was reminiscent of the controversy more than 10 years ago, when Central Command analyst 格雷戈里·胡克 wrote a study that said George Bush's government insisted on sending small troops to Iraq despite the objections of many analysts and gave little consideration to the aftermath of the 2003 invasion.
Mr Hooker played a key role in the opposition to intelligence in the Islamic State.
Last year, officials said Mr. Hooker's team concluded that the air strikes against the Islamic State's refineries did not significantly reduce the economic revenues of terrorist groups, as the terrorist group built a temporary refinery to continue to sell oil on the black market, which was in stark contrast to the announcement.
According to Time Magazine's September report, the Central Command did not disclose the findings.
The commander of Central Command 劳埃德·奥 Austin III was criticized last year after a number of lawyers reviewed the Senate testimony on the overly optimistic assessment of the war.
General Austin retired in April and is now 约瑟夫·沃特尔 to replace his position at Central Command.
US wins four in women's hockey games
In the 6:1 victory over Japan, 凯蒂·巴姆, a triple-A-brace, took the lead in Thursday for the American women's hockey team to help the US team win the Indian team by 3:0.
Two of the five goals were four, but Bam, 27, said she didn't know she was doing so well.
"I know nothing about it," she says. ”
I'm not the kind of person who remembers how many goals I've scored.
What she knows is that the United States team has won four consecutive games in the Olympics and will compete with the team for the first team in England after winning the 2:0 victory over Japan in Thursday.
Britain and the United States were in the first round of the last game in Saturday.
Both teams qualify for the One-fourth finals, which will determine who is the first in the group.
The team that won the first team will avoid the strong Holland team and can go further. The Dutch team is in the first position of another group.
In the Saturday game, the American team created miracles with astonishing performance. The United States was at the bottom of 12 teams in the London Olympics four years ago.
BAM was in the same team.
Bam Cheng, who was the youngest member of the national team to date, was the first to pick up a lacrosse bat (her twin sister in Drexel) at the age of 3 and join the national team at the age of 16.
She missed the 2008 Olympics because she failed to shortlist the final list.
2012, she and her teammates are not optimistic.
The next year, the British 克雷格·帕纳姆 as head coach, everything began to change.
"This is a cultural, psychological and substantive change," says Bam. ”
We had not yet reached the current level in London.
We came to a full end.
In the evening of Thursday, Bam scored first in a near-range backhand.
India's game has not yet won, but the team showed a surprisingly strong fighting spirit and kept the 1:0 score to the end of the third quarter when BAM broke up.
She took the ball along the left side of the stadium long distance strikes, then cut to the middle road, volley net, the United States team 2:0 lead.
梅利萨·冈萨雷斯 scored the last goal in the middle of the fourth quarter.
In the first three victories, the United States scored a goal for the goalkeeper 杰基·布里吉斯 in 0 opponents in this competition.
This time she was an extraordinary play.
BAM, too.
"We are in good shape," Panam says. But how good it is depends on the results of the Saturday game.
The shabby food of the Great Depression during the feast
March 1933, just elected as president of Franklin · 德拉诺·罗斯福 sits in the Oval Office and enjoys his lunch.
As a gourmet, President Franklin Roosevelt liked the cuisine of the five avenues, such as foie gras and Maryland stew.
On that day, his menu was simple: tomato sauce, devil's egg, mashed potatoes and candied pudding for dessert.
"This is to share the joys and sorrows of food with the people who are suffering," 珍·齐格曼 said. ”
Her husband, Cuomo, added: "This also reflects the way Americans eat." ”
The couple, who live in Brooklyn Heights, are food historians.
Mr. Ke's last book, "Fried Chowder", is about American Chinese food, and Ms. Ziegman in her "97 orchards" book to tell the life stories of slum tenants through food.
Their new book, "Sumptuous Feast", will be published in Tuesday by Harper Press, which introduces the history of American food in the Great Depression.
After showing some common insights on food, they met a journalist in Eisemberg's sandwich shop. This simple lunch counter in the Iron district has been open since the economy ran out of 1929.
Ms. Ziegman, 54, ordered a cream cheese and a broken olive sandwich, while the 57-year-old Mr. Ke ordered turkey, mashed potatoes and a vegetable platter.
The reporter ordered a meatloaf, which the couple thought was suitable for discussing the diet during the Great Depression.
"Bread was very popular at the time," Ms. Ziegman said. ”
There were peanut bread, liver bread, and soy bread.
They are made of a raw material and a cheap topping that can be poured on the raw material.
Imagine your dinner is peanuts.
Mr. Ke played a strange picture.
He said: "They must be like lead in your stomach." ”
In the years before the Great Depression, American Dayton was a buffet, especially in the suburbs.
A group of women cooks for male farm workers, with freshly-tested pies for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
In the First World War, it was the Americans who gave food to the hungry Europeans. The feast of Plenty records how the country suddenly ceases to be a place of abundance.
Mr. Ke explained why he and his wife were writing the book: "At the time, food had become the main topic of unhappiness for the American people." ”
Another unpleasant topic is the shabby new food: "Fan food", such as bread and stews, became the main course, and the stew was "the best way to cook leftovers," Ms. Ziegman said, because chefs could use the cream in their sauces to cover up the unpalatable ingredients.
Fresh fruit is replaced by cheap dried fruits.
The meat that has been leading the American table for years has become a rare luxury.
The odd hodgepodge only considers calories, and the first thing people think about is nutrition rather than taste or even basic culinary common sense.
In the process of studying this book, including various recipes, Ms. Ziegman made a baked onion stuffed with peanut oil.
"It's not uncommon at dinner tables," Mr. Ke said. ”
Ms. Ziegman said: "This is too strange."
Peanut oil and grilled onion can not match.
This is the hallmark of many family economic meals.
Family economists influence the country's eating habits, such as the 路易斯·斯坦利, who served as head of the Federal Family Economics Office from 1923 to 1943, which is historically unique.
They publish recipes and articles in newspapers and magazines, encouraging women to be "frugal" and daring to turn the cream of spaghetti with carrots and other bad foods into food.
"Sumptuous feast" is a sumptuous "historical treasure".
It is particularly interesting to note the government's response to the hungry people, such as the president's People Herbert Buddha "Other People's things I can not control" attitude.
Although he publicly praised the simple Iowa farmhouse in his childhood, his diet was as fine as a millionaire.
"He likes to eat European-style Western food, such as fish with cucumber sauce," says Mr Ke.
He wore a tuxedo and dined in a gilded restaurant.
He was evidently out of the people.
If not his wife Eleanor encouraged him to set an example in his diet, President Roosevelt might have made the same mistake.
As the book puts it, Ms. Roosevelt's housekeeper had no interest in the taste, so the White House "food is not only the worst food in Washington, but the worst food in the kitchen." ”
When the United States is back to normal, many of the Great Depression-era cuisine is abandoned.
Ms. Ziegman says what is left is our focus on calories and nutrition and the use of science in cooking.
The couple said they had learned more about Ms Ziegman's mother's eating habits when they wrote the book, such as how she had not discarded the food.
"She is very afraid of wasting food," says Mr Ke. ”
Ms. Ziegman recalls: "She actually makes many lives sick." ”
For example, there has been a "cream puff" incident.
After removing the dish, she and Mr. Ke took out a dessert they had prepared at home: This is the preserved pudding that President Roosevelt ate at lunch.
Ms. Ziegman said: "It's called the Candied fruit," and adds that a trendy name for a common dish is "the usual trick."
There is no whipped cream in this dessert, only preserved fruit, a little flour, sugar, water and cinnamon.
We all reluctantly pushed the spoon into the sticky brown paste.
Surprisingly, the dessert tasted good.
Mr. Ke ate the second spoon and the third spoon.
He thought it was an acceptable dessert and told his wife: "A bit of walnuts would be better." ”
Unfortunately, OPEC's latest monthly report shows that crude oil production continued to rise in July and Saudi Arabia's output hit a record high.
The report raises doubts about the credibility of OPEC, and the road to recovery is still fraught with thorns.
In Monday, OPEC's rotating chairman and Qatar Energy Minister Sadah said OPEC would hold an informal meeting during the International Energy Forum in September and 26-28th.
OPEC's Wednesday monthly report showed that OPEC, including Gabon, rose by 46,000 barrels/day to 33.11 million barrels per day in July.
OPEC also said in its monthly report that low crude prices have prompted global refiners to produce more refined oil, exacerbating the extent of oversupply.
The news, coupled with a US increase in crude oil production expectations and an unexpectedly increased oil inventories, have been falling for two consecutive days.
As of Wednesday, the price of light crude oil futures from the New York Mercantile Exchange fell by 2.48% in September, and the price of London Brent crude, which was delivered in October, fell 2.07%.
Reuters said the proposed oil-producing meeting is unlikely to make the supply significantly tighter, and the data released by the US Energy Information agency also depress sentiment.
Iran's official news agency, Fars, quoted Iran's oil minister in Wednesday as saying that Iran's crude oil production was up to 3.85 million barrels a day, the highest level since 2008.
News of the meeting came just after Russia's energy minister, Novak Nowak, said there was no need for a new round of frozen production under the current oil price.
The last time a meeting of oil-producing countries was April, OPEC members failed to reach an agreement on any measure.
Emma Richards, Bmiresearch Oil and gas analyst, said markets and media could overreact to OPEC meetings.
Helima Croft, head of commodity strategy at Royal Bank of Canada, said OPEC would change sentiment by releasing signals that they would facilitate the deal.
This approach is like the smoke and mirrors that draw a person's eye (intentionally giving the wrong impression).
Eugen Weinberg, head of commodity research at Commerzbank, said there was a low likelihood that OPEC would try to stabilize the market through the September meeting.
This is likely to further undermine the market's confidence in OPEC, after all, the organization has staged a "wolf."
All localities to the violation of the issue of medical advertisements, complaints centralized, the past has been repeatedly punished by the medical institutions as a spot check point.
National Health Commission, the State Administration of Traditional Chinese medicine will be timely organization of some provinces special supervision and inspection work carried out supervision.
According to media disclosure, as a result of large-scale capital influx of internet medicine, resulting in the current product homogeneity problem serious, investment boom gradually receded, capital into the wait-and-see period.
According to data from the Hong Kong Centre for Management Studies at the Ellie Hospital, internet healthcare companies have died in a year, and about 20% of start-ups have ceased to exist.
However, as most internet healthcare companies struggle to finance a round or B-round financing, several segments of the leading companies are still gaining capital heat.
It seems that the Internet medical start-up can not "swarm", but to look at the market demand, sinking heart to do the special, do deep.
Diving capital of 12 million yuan, accounting for 40% of the registered capital, Kyushu Tong Equipment Company contributed 18 million yuan, accounting for 60% of the registered capital.
In recent years, with the state's policy support in medical informatization, electronic and integrated supply chain management system has gradually entered all levels of hospitals.
The cooperation between the diving and Kyushu is aimed at the demand of the market, to help the hospital to build an advanced supply chain management system, and as a chance to seek more cooperation.
Unlike many internet health-care companies, China Ibaby from its initial focus on the vertical field of Internet obstetrics, deep pregnant moms and doctors.
Not only can pregnant mothers be free for 24 hours and one-on-one doctor visits, but also can pay directional medical consultations.
And at the doctor's end, Ibaby through the organization of experts to grassroots doctors on-line lectures, peer exchanges, case discussions and other micro-lectures on the form of breaking the geographical restrictions.
At present, doctors offer three sections for continuing education, Doctor's social and Doctor's help.
Provides services including online learning, case discussions, academic exchanges, social platforms with hospitals and physicians, legal aid and entrepreneurial support for physician-patient relationships or personal life.
According to media reports, CEO Wang Lei recently said Ali Health "willing to sink heart to" take the health of large data.
The lack of professionalism in internet companies and data companies is not uniform in the way they write on the same entry.
Ali currently in the Medical and health field of the layout is divided into three pieces, respectively, Ali Health, the day Cat Medicine Museum and pay Treasure future hospital.
Wang Lei Frankly, health care business will be more difficult than other industries, "this is not only how much money, but also to sink the heart, endure loneliness slowly to do." ”
Staying up late watching Olympic Games can easily damage the heart
The Brazilian Olympic Games are in full swing, even if the event is broadcast at home in the middle of the night, many people will stay up to watch.
In this respect, doctors especially remind, stay up late to watch the event there is a health hazard, it is possible to cause cardiovascular disease.
If long stay up late, the hormone will still be a lot of secretion, the human body will continue to be in a state of intense excitement, can not get normal recovery, easy to cause vasoconstriction, blood pressure rise, resulting in cardiovascular disease.
Hanzhiyuan Special reminder, there are hypertension, hyperglycemia, hyperlipidemia, smoking habits, family history and other cardiovascular risk factors, if staying up late, will be more likely to cause cardiovascular disease.
If long stay up late, not only cardiovascular function is affected, and gastrointestinal function, immune system, neuroendocrine system will be affected, even the risk of cancer will increase.
For old friends, Hanzhiyuan advises, try not to stay up late to watch the Olympic Games, especially with a history of cardiovascular disease.
During the last "World Cup" football match, Hanzhiyuan had a more than 60-year-old patient who had a heart attack or was linked to staying up late watching the game.
Hanzhiyuan introduced, this year, the department has been in the reception of some 25-year-old myocardial infarction or stroke patients, which is largely the patient's long stay up late lifestyle caused.
1. Do not stay up every day, occasionally stay up late to watch the favorite sports events, other items may wish to wait for the second day to watch the replay.
2. Stay up late when the timely replenishment of water, eat more fruit, can prevent blockage of blood vessels, enhance the body's immune power.
Beijing Time August 12 News, 2016-year-old Olympic women's 50-metre rifle three posture finals, Chinese veteran Dorrit won the bronze medal.
Dorrit became the Olympic four-headed veteran, 4 Olympic Games won 2 Gold 1 silver 1 bronze four medals.
1998, into the Shandong province shooting team, followed Wang coaches to carry out professional shooting training.
June 2003, participated in the shooting World Cup Croatian station woman 10-metre gas rifle gold medal and broke the world record with 504.9 ring.
August 2004, won the women's 10-metre gas rifle gold medal for the Chinese team in Athens Olympic Games won the first gold.
In August 2008, he won the gold medal in the 50-metre sports rifle three-posture race with a total 690.3-ring-breaking Olympic record.
After the London Olympic Games in August 2012, Dorrit filed a temporary retirement application with the International Union.
In January 2015, Dorrit announced a return to the national team to start training for the Rio Olympics.
March 2016, the Rio Olympic trials end, after a lapse of 8 years to obtain the women's 10-metre air rifle Olympic competition eligibility.
August 6, 2016, in the Rio Olympic Games women's 10-metre air rifle competition, Dorrit with 207 ring results won the silver medal.
August 12, 2016, in the Rio Olympic Games women's 50-metre rifle three posture competition, won the bronze medal.
The film is expected to be launched early next year on CCTV and Le video premiere, will also be the first VR panoramic documentary version.
The documentary "Polar" is a large-scale work focusing on the third polar plateau of the Earth, with a new perspective on Tibetan tradition and modern blending as well as the story of Tibet's interaction with the world.
The greatest advantage of VR works is to make the audience have a unique sense of "immersion", which also puts forward higher requirements for the filming process.
The filming team of the Polar Panorama VR Special edition said they wanted to make sure that the screen of each location was impeccable and that the audience had an immersive feeling.
August 11, armed police Shandong Corps Yantai Detachment Organization Special Warfare sniper braved 34 degrees Celsius high temperature came to Kunyu to carry out jungle training.
During the Cold War, the Soviet Union brought missiles into Cuba, almost leading to a nuclear war between the United States and the USSR.
The incident was seen as the pinnacle of the Cold War, known as the "Cuban Missile Crisis".
But it is little known that during the Cold War, too, a strong solar storm narrowly led to a nuclear war against the Soviet Union, which was not released for the first time by researchers until August 9.
May 23, 1967, a strong solar storm on the U.S. military in the Arctic radar and radio communications caused strong interference.
These radars are part of the U.S. ballistic missile early warning system to monitor Soviet missiles.
The paper, completed by researchers at the University of Colorado, interviewed U.S. personnel involved in the forecast and analysis of solar activity, and consulted unclassified documents.
In the 60 's, the United States Air Force has always had a part of a nuclear warhead flying in the sky to prevent the Soviet Union from suddenly waging a nuclear war, the paper wrote.
The US military commanders were unaware that the main culprit of the disturbance was the solar storm, not the Soviet Union, and ordered the fighters to enter combat readiness.
Fortunately, the U.S. military's solar activity, which began in the late 50 and its study of Earth's electromagnetic interference, ultimately prevented the potential military conflict.
Later, he summarized the information provided by the United States Air Force Aviation Meteorological Service and submitted a detailed report.
The immediate consequence of this solar storm is that the U.S. military has since seen space weather as a combat concern and has built a more powerful space weather forecast system.
People in the daily travel, found that the car was blocked by strange vehicles, in the case of unfamiliar vehicle drivers, can use the "micro-letter Car" function to solve this problem.
August 11, Xi ' an traffic police micro-letter service Number "Xi ' an traffic police" launched the "micro-letter car" service.
After the introduction of this service, in daily life, the public can solve such problems by using the "micro-letter Car" function when the driver is not in the scene when the vehicle is blocked by a strange vehicle.
The new service function is fast, saves the administrative cost, the second is to respect and protect the personal privacy of the citizens; three is all-weather, full time service.
As long as the public has a micro-letter, it can be very convenient to operate on its own, which can be relatively friendly and easy for both sides to "meet", ease the problem of parking, and can reduce the incidence of security cases involving vehicles.
On the other hand, to refuse to move cars, illegal parking or obstruction of access to the owner, Xi ' an traffic management department said that the police will be based on the actual situation to take different measures, as appropriate to deal with the situation.
August 9, in Danfeng County di Flower Town Cultural Tourism Scenic Area, Shangluo power supply company more than 10 young workers came here to carry out "Meet the town full of power" and our festivals and Tanabata theme activities.
Shangluo power supply Company Danfeng County Co., Ltd. combined with the construction of spiritual civilization, and actively organize to carry out "Meet the town full of power" and our festivals and Tanabata theme activities.
Employees of the company said: "Their main energy is used in work and study, lack of time and platform to communicate with colleagues and friends." ”
"This time the company provides us with such a relaxed, joyful, harmonious platform, I like very much, has the significance and the interest without losing the fun." ”
Tanabata activities by the scene of the young workers are widely praised, and hope that the company will hold more such activities, and more other young people to strengthen communication and communication.
The High-profile Beijing Olympic men's singles champion, the Spanish superstar Rafael Nadal in the men's singles competition in the same day, two defeated rivals to qualify for eight, 's competition also to qualify for the final.
As a gold slam winner of Nadal, for the Olympic Games, the feelings of a single bell, the injury has not healed him, the three-lane attack, scored quite abundant.
He and teammate Lopez will compete for gold medals with Romanian players Tecau and Megha in the's finals.
The Rio Olympics women's singles project has been encountered by many players, after several days of fierce competition, the woman's four strong 11th all produced.
Kovitova will compete with Puig for a final ticket, while another final seat will be created between Keith and Korbel.
The four competitions of the doubles are also all produced, the semi-final of the match is: Hingis/Basinski to Heradka/Hravakova; Makalova/Visnina to Strikova/Safarova.
The mixed doubles match was also the top eight, but the number one seed Longkou/Garcia combination of the Lok Ma, and the return of the Natto combination, the mixed doubles game slightly tarnished.
April 27, 2015, the United States and Japan in New York jointly issued a new version of the U.S.-Japan Defense cooperation guidelines, allowing the Japanese armed forces to play a more offensive role in the world.
This is the day when U.S. Defense Secretary Jimmy Carter, U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry, Japanese Foreign Minister Kishida and Japanese Defense Minister Zhong in New York to attend a press conference.
This is the fifth time the Chinese folk think-tank to publish the Japanese military Assessment Report, is also the fourth launch of the English version.
The report is divided into 9 chapters, including overall policy adjustment, military strength, defense budget, military deployment, weapons and equipment, system reform, military training, foreign military security cooperation and military security relations with China.
The report said 2015 was the year in which Abe's government had been in the security field for several consecutive years to advance major policy adjustments.
Since then, Japan's security efforts will be mainly in the legal application, strategic implementation, policy implementation and other operational aspects, rather than the framework, mechanisms and policies of the drastic adjustment and change.
The report stressed that Abe's cabinet tried to achieve the multiple purposes of promoting Japan's "normal country" and the self-defense team to intervene in international security affairs, strengthen the Alliance of Japan and the United States and prevent China from making breakthroughs above three points.
Earlier, the China Strategic Culture Promotion Association in June 5, 2012, July 19, 2013, July 23, 2014, June 30, 2015 issued a Japanese Military assessment report.
The Financial Times August 12 released a set of images of the U.S. ambassador's residence in China.
In contrast, the U.S. ambassador's official residence, according to the article, can be seen as a safe house in the next film adapted from the John Le Carre Cold War spy novel.
The residence is grey and tightly defended with perimeter guard rails, second floor walls, barbed wire and vehicle barricade layers.
Short board for public sports facilities
Black Coal yard warehouse, turned into "Green grass" football field, red brick spire of the plant, into a modern sports hall.
In the National Fitness Day, Hangzhou Wangjiang outside the South Lok Ma Ying Sports Cultural Park, unveiled a mysterious veil.
This used to be a coal field, more than 10 years ago closed after the idle, leaving a large number of illegal construction and living garbage.
Here after the renovation, became a sports cultural park, and will be open to the public in November, to provide free sports venues, and no doubt for the national sports opened up a new fertile ground.
This makes people think of Hangzhou Chen Economy Sports School, the Chinese swimming "Huangpu Military Academy" swam out of many world champions.
The swimming is constantly produced, vivid interpretation of the relationship between competitive sports and national sports-rich mass base for the selection of professional players to provide a good condition.
The level of competitive sports is closely related to the foundation of the national sports, and the Athletics sports depends on the national sports in a certain sense, and the national sports depends on the site conditions.
It is reported that as of 2015, China's per capita stadium area, although it is 150 times times the establishment of new China, but still far behind the sports power.
In June this year, the State Council issued the National Fitness Program (2016-2020), the development of mass sports as a key content.
In order to complete this short board, on the one hand, the relevant departments in the city planning should take fully into account the stadium layout.
On the other hand, the established public sports venues, including schools and other units in the sports venues, should maximize the open scope, as far as possible to improve the efficiency of use.
Currently in full swing of the Rio Olympic Games, inspire people's sports enthusiasm, but also awakened everyone's sense of participation.
Gillied gets a lawyer's fee in the fight against Merck's hepatitis C patent
According to a U.S. District Judge, the company has the right to receive a lawyer's fee in a patent lawsuit against hepatitis C, a pharmaceutical company in the United States Merck Group.
In June, after US judges found wrongdoing in Merck, including perjury and other unethical practices, he was exempt from paying $200 million in compensation for Bouvet and Havoni, which violated Merck's two patents.
In a lawsuit in Thursday, U.S. District Judge 贝斯·兰博松·弗里曼 said that Geely did not have to bear the costs incurred by the defence.
Merck is trying to catch up with the new market for hepatitis C drugs. Jim's drugs can cure more than 90% of patients with hepatitis.
The case dates back to 2013, when Gillied and Merck sued each other, claiming that they were an active ingredient in the Geely drug, the owner of Bouvet's laboratory work.
U.S.-backed troops have announced they have recaptured Mambitti from the Islamic State.
A spokesman for the force said in Friday that the remaining Islamist soldiers in the city had all left, and the United States-backed forces had fully controlled the northern city of Manchester, near the Turkish border.
The Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) are now sweeping through the city after the militants who have been hiding in town have left.
莎兰·达尔维什 of the Syrian Democratic Forces, the Manchester military commission, told Reuters that they had rescued more than 2,000 civilians abducted by militants.
He told Reuters: "The Mann season is all under our control, but we are still sweeping it." ”
The Clintons paid $10.75 million for 2015 years, paying a 34.2% federal tax.
Hillary Clinton published its 2,105-year tax return in Friday, which shows the Democratic presidential candidate and her husband earning $10.75 million in 2015 years and paying a 34.2% federal tax.
In 2015, the Clintons ' charitable donations amounted to $1 million, most of which were donated to the Clinton Foundation; former President Bill Clinton's speech cost amounted to nearly 5.3 million dollars, The former secretary of state, with a book on her tenure at the State Department, received $3 million from the publisher, Simon and Schuster.
Clinton's running mate, Virginia State Kaine and his wife 安妮·霍尔顿, announced a 10-year tax return.
The two men paid a federal tax of 20.3% in 2015.
Clinton's campaign aide, 詹妮弗·帕尔米耶里, said in a statement: "Hillary Clinton and Kaine will continue to be the benchmark for financial transparency." ”
In stark contrast, Mr. Donald Trump concealed the false reasons and withdrew his previous commitment to publish the tax returns.
Although the law is not required, in accordance with established practice, the United States presidential candidates should disclose their tax returns.
As a New York businessman, Trump and his lawyer used the IRS audit as a reason to refuse to publish a tax return.
Clinton's campaign aide, 伊恩·萨姆斯, said on Twitter that you were the boss and attached a link to the Democratic candidate's tax return.
In Thursday, Trump's special legal advisor, 迈克尔·科恩, told CNN that he would not allow Trump to publish his tax returns until the audit was completed.
Critics of Trump, including Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney and other Republicans in 2012, said Trump's refusal to publish tax returns would raise questions about his net worth, charitable donations, business deals and other relationships, including relations with Russia.
Clinton seized on the issue and launched a network video in Friday highlighting High-profile Democrats urging Trump to announce his tax payments.
She raised the issue in an economic policy speech in Michigan in Thursday.
"For decades, he refused to publish his tax returns as other presidential candidates," she told the crowd. ”
According to the politician's news network, Trump had barely paid a penny in the last two years of the 90, and the New York Times business columnist quoted a number of tax lawyers and accountants in Friday, all of whom said the current situation might remain the same.
Federal taxes have become a big problem in the presidential race.
Clinton named Warren Buffett, a billionaire investor, with a rule guaranteeing that people who earn more than $1 million a year pay at least a 30% tax.
President Obama also supported the proposal.
Last week, Mr. Clinton held a rally at Berkshire Hathaway's Nebraska State Omaha, where Mr. Buffett asked Trump to meet and exchange tax returns.
Mr. Buffett said he was also being audited by the IRS, and Trump was "scared" not by tax authorities but by voters.
The first tax returns announced by the Clinton campaign group were 2007 years.
The average federal tax rate paid by the Clintons in Chaback, New York, between 2014 and 2007 amounted to about 32%, with a combined tax rate of about 40.5%.
The Clintons ' 2015-year tax returns show that, unlike most Americans, they earn only $100 in wages.
Their main investment is the low cost Index mutual fund, and the Clintons ' dividend and interest income is $109,000.
凯文·卓鲍 report; 乔纳森·奥迪斯 Editor
Jewish film producer criticizes Berlin hotels to delete Israeli phone codes according to Arab customers ' requirements-Reuters News
A French filmmaker with Jewish ancestry told the press that the Kempinski Hotel in Berlin did not list Israel's phone codes and that the hotel staff said it was "demanded" by Arab customers, sparking a public outcry.
克劳德·朗兹曼, author of the Holocaust documentary Holocaust, expressed his disappointment with the Kempinski Hotel and published an open letter in Germany's Frankfurt report.
During the recent stay, Lanzman wanted to find Israel on the list of phone codes provided by the hotel.
But Israel does not have a list of countries where guests can speak directly from the room.
Did Israel disappear in 2016 in Berlin, the capital of Germany?
Lanzman wrote.
Instead, guests can call Israel via the Kempinski Hotel's call center.
To seek an explanation, the filmmaker asked the hotel's front desk.
In his letter, Lanzman said he was "shocked" by the answer he received at the reception desk.
Hotel staff said it was "a deliberate decision by Kempinski Hotel management."
The reason for this is to make the filmmaker angry.
Lanzman quotes the employee as saying: Most of our guests are Arabs and they want to delete the Israeli code. ”
Israel's ambassador to Germany, 雅科夫·哈达斯·汉德尔斯曼, described the incident as "a disgrace", according to the daily newspaper.
We were surprised to learn of the incident.
The matter itself is a huge disgrace.
In Germany and that chain hotel is a disgrace.
There is no need to explain this matter.
"We hope the hotel can draw the right conclusions," the official said.
The incident sparked a heated debate online, and everyone thought it was a scandal.
Some people think that Kempinski hotel is simply to meet the requirements of Arab customers and "grovel."
Another post points to the hotel's "really shameless face", pointing out that the main street in the famous Kurfuerstendamm Street is near a synagogue.
The hotel quickly clarified all charges, claiming that everything was "negligent" and apologized to Lanzman, according to the Der Spiegel report.
"Never issued a direct command to remove Israel from the speed dial list," the newspaper quoted the Kempinski representative as saying.
The newspaper said the Israeli code was added to the list.
Police use tear gas and rubber bullets to expel protesting Brazilian students
In São Paulo, Brazil, in Thursday, students clashed with police over the process of protesting the reform of the Government's public education system.
Police used tear gas and rubber bullets to expel protesters.
The cause of the incident was the attempt by law enforcement officials to disperse the students, so the police used rubber bullets and tear gas.
Hundreds of of students took part in the parade, expressing their dissatisfaction with the plans.
To save money, Estado De Sao Paulo Governor Ockming plans to close 100 public schools and 300,000 students will be transferred to school.
Some protesting students expressed their dissatisfaction with the temporary President 米歇尔·特梅尔 through graffiti on the wall.
Just a few days before the recent protests, protesters collectively took to the streets to support President Dilma, who was impeached by the state Senate.
Scottish cyclist 卡尔姆·斯 Skinner wins his bicycle gold medal
卡尔姆·斯 Skinner, a Scottish cyclist, last night at the Rio cycling Men's group race helped the trio to defend the Olympic gold medal after the 2012 London Olympics.
The 23-year-old Glasgow cyclist replaced his Scottish compatriot, Sir 克里斯·霍伊, as the backbone of the team. Even the legendary cyclist was proud of the young Skinner who defeated the New Zealand team and returned with honors.
Four years ago, the British team blockbuster, and Hoy won a personal six Olympic gold medal in the fifth piece.
The British team ranked sixth in London's World Cycling Championships in March, and Hoy has since retired. Then, the British team to create brilliant.
During the Beijing Olympics to the London Olympics, the British team's problem was to replace the "first circle of Experts" 杰米·斯塔夫.
That's what the team did when be appeared.
Hoy's retirement also left a blank, and 奇恩·伊玛迪 and 马特·克兰普顿 all wanted to fill the void.
After seeing the potential of Skinner, the British men's team insisted that he be selected for the national team, and Skinner was not in the end.
Skinner's partner is be and Kenny, who won the gold medal with Hoy four years ago. The trio have refreshed the Olympic record in qualifying, but the result was overtaken by New Zealand in the first round.
The three British Cycling championships eventually defeated their opponents and won the gold medal.
Although be is slightly behind, but Kenny is leading the team, Skinner has maintained this leading edge to the last.
The change in strategy was the key to this reversal, and be chose a larger flywheel, so it was slower, which allowed Kenny, especially Skinner, to keep pace.
Hoy watched the game as a BBC commentator. Skinner, Kenny and be saw him on the podium.
"I'm flattered," says Skinner, 23, a Glasgow cyclist. ”
I just try my best to make my own fame.
We created the Olympic record in the final and defeated the world champion.
It's unbelievable.
Nothing is better than this victory.
After winning gold medals with Kenny and Hoy at the 2012 London Olympics, be admits to falling deliberately on the track in a bad start.
Later, he withdrew the comments, and British rivals were unable to appeal.
This victory does not have any such problems.
"It's like London, the British flag on the platform," be says. ”
We just got together three months ago.
We've lost a lot of world champions, so it's amazing to be able to defend the Olympic champions.
It's just a game, a gold medal for the British team who won 7 of the 10 gold medals in the Beijing Olympics and the London Olympics.
If this symbolizes the progress we have made over the past five months, we will continue to be successful at the bicycle museum in the next five days.
According to Kenny Dalglish, it is not impossible for him to recreate Hoy's feat of winning three gold medals at an Olympic Games.
If so, 12 years younger than Hoy and also on March 23 (a day that seems to be the holy day of British sports, 史蒂夫·雷德格雷夫, 莫·法拉 and Bannister were born on this day) Kenny will have 6 golds and 1 silver medals.
This achievement is flat with Hoy.
Kenny is going to start the three-day race today.
The 28-year-old Bolton said: "I will focus on this game for the time being."
Team games are always the best.
You can win the game with your teammates.
Frankly speaking, a person wins a little lonely.
Be said: "If he can win another two gold medals, then he should be awarded the Jazz seal number." ”
It was the only game to produce medals that day, but the British team received other good news.
Sir Bradley, 艾德·克兰西, 史蒂文·伯克 and 欧文·杜尔 to the fastest score of four people four km group chase.
Their grades were 351.943.
The world record for the 2012 London Olympic gold medalist was 351.659.
The first and final (10:42) in today's second match day, Wiggins will undoubtedly become the focus of the limelight.
Yesterday he had a dispute with the match officials before qualifying, when the match officials asked him to measure his height.
劳拉·特洛特, 乔安娜·罗瑟尔·尚德, Eleanor 诺·巴克 and 凯特·阿奇博尔德 from Milngavie in a new world record 413.260 for the women's team, which will end tomorrow.
The British team relied on a strong field bike team to take the initiative in the middle of the Olympic Games and get many medals.
The British Cycling team was a little disappointed when they went to Rio to show their absolute dominance in the Beijing and London Games.
Many setbacks occurred during the period, including the resignation of April technical director 肖恩·萨顿 for sex discrimination and bullying, and the retirement of legendary figures such as Hoy and 维多利亚·彭德尔顿.
But the first game of the Bicycle Pavilion was enough to show that the British team will once again play a key moment to reach the pinnacle of the legend.
After the little life came to this world, parents will be responsible for this life, not only in the child's physical health, but also in the development of the spirit, that is, education.
If the child's education fails, then even if the success of the cause, can not make up for the shortcomings of life, family failure.
When a new life comes, the new parents take the time to take care of and educate their children.
and responsible, in addition to embodied in the body of nursing, let them health, but also in the spirit of education, that is, let children learn how to behave, how adults, how to succeed.
Good family education means that parents need to accompany the children often, to give children care, patient care, but also to teach children to develop civilized behavior, so that children learn better knowledge, improve intelligence.
The parents ' words and deeds will affect the growth of their children, they will imitate their parents, that is, people often say dragon birth, chicken born chicken, mouse son will play holes, parents what kind of child.
So parents in front of children need to do a good role model, regulate their words and deeds, cultivate their own excellent character, these can indirectly help the child to shape a better mind, let him more excellent.
Amy is a smart and beautiful girl.
She is outgoing and lively, able to get along well with her friends and has good adaptability to the environment.
But Amy had a little secret: she couldn't keep her focus on the study and work she was going to do.
This secret accompanies Amy for a long time. The problem is not serious at ordinary times
Even through the decentralized, modular time to learn and work, she can basically accomplish the task, and achieve good results.
But when the task is heavy and time is tight, Amy feels very miserable and tortured.
Individual's resistance to self exposure and its emotional experience is aimed at not endangering the individual's self-awareness and self-esteem.
Some behavioral psychologists have also interpreted impedance as an individual's disobedience to their behavior correction.
I tried to get Amy to do an exercise and let her calm down by breathing and relaxing to feel the torment.
And once out of that trapped situation, she felt relaxed and freed again.
The 63-year-old homeless man, South Korea, and another tramp Shaw, a drunken quarrel, then holding a knife to tie it to death.
Han said that before the murder he and Tramp Shaw lived in a hutong in the Dongcheng district of the ground, the two people are 20 meters apart.
Han said that the day of the crime, they were friends called to drink together, two people at the dinner and after dinner two times have a quarrel.
Han said that he was afraid of Shaw hit him, from the garbage heap to pick up a fruit knife, will be stabbed to death.
In court, the victims ' families demanded a total of 530,000 yuan for the funeral expenses and death compensation.
Bestäuber into the Taiwan market for 4 years, the local traditional taxi industry has produced a small impact.
Taiwan's "United Daily News" August 12, said that 12th in the morning more than hundreds taxis around Taiwan's "executive Yuan" in protest, resulting in serious traffic paralysis surrounding the phenomenon.
Taipei Driver Trade union chairman Zheng said that the Bestäuber to Taiwan 4 years, Taiwan authorities this month to convene a meeting, drivers can no longer wait.
The Government, however, has no word and drags on.
The law-abiding taxi drivers belonging to the lower-level workers have to compete with the illegal but unrestricted bestäuber and feel cheated by the authorities.
Original title: Jiangsu One farm 2000 chickens were confiscated by the court to sell the criminal
After the verdict came into force, Mr. Wang had applied to the Shuyang court for enforcement because Lee did not automatically fulfill his obligations.
October 16, 2014, the Shuyang court made a civil ruling, the decision on the lee of all the farms in the 2000 to be detained, not allowed to transfer, sell.
After receiving the seizure, Lee sold some of the layers in the farm without the permission of the Shuyang court.
Until March 8, 2015, when the Shuyang County Public Security Bureau was surveyed, only 142 hens were left in the farm.
Reporter August 12 learned that Beijing 2022 Winter Olympics and the organizing committee of the Winter Paralympic Games issued a notice that the Beijing Winter Olympic Committee inherits the Beijing winter bid emblem, logo and other intellectual property rights.
Without the permission of BOCOG, no person shall use the emblem and logo of Beijing winter bid for commercial purposes.
The head of the Industry coordination Division of the National Development and Reform Commission said here today that overcapacity in steel is a global problem.
In recent years, China's capacity utilization rate is higher than the global average level, but also higher than the United States and Europe and other countries and regions.
Our country has taken resolute and effective measures to resolve excess capacity, and the effectiveness is gradually emerging.
The Director noted that the Central Committee of the State Council attaches great importance to the global problem of overcapacity in steel.
Departments, regions actively implement the State Council deployment, serious work, this year to reduce crude steel production capacity of about 45 million tons.
From China's national conditions, China does not encourage steel exports, on the contrary, also take a series of practical measures to control the export of steel.
The person in charge stressed that the international trade in steel products is essentially market behavior, which is based on the demand of the importing country and the consumers ' independent choice after considering the price ratio of products.
The implementation of trade protection measures does not help to fundamentally solve the global steel industry development problems, on the contrary, will only cause further impact on the international trade order.
When it comes to debt, the person in charge stressed that resolving the debt problem is an important issue that needs to be properly handled in the process of resolving excess capacity.
Because of the large scale of the iron and steel enterprise assets, involving a wide range, some enterprises debt relationship is complex, if improper disposal, it is possible to trigger regional risk.
According to the director of the introduction, in recent years, with the economic downward pressure, the overall social demand gradually weakened, some industry capacity utilization decreased, the production and operation of enterprises to increase difficulties.
Some enterprises do not adapt to the changes in the market environment, production and operation is difficult or even close to collapse, but by some institutional mechanism constraints, to market-oriented exit obstacles more, become "zombie enterprises."
The existence of such enterprises distorts the market signal, reduces the efficiency of factor resource utilization, increases the cost of social management and hinders the establishment of a fair competition market environment.
The main cause of the losses is the same as the global steel industry's woes – sluggish market demand and low capacity utilization.
China mainly adopts market mechanism, economic means and rule by law, the Government mainly completes the work of reveals and social stability and ensures fair and impartial market order.
The person in charge stressed that the next step is to unswervingly continue to work on capacity to ensure that the 5-year-old crude steel production capacity of 100 million ~ 500 million tons of target tasks.
On the afternoon of 10th, the Chinese tourist police in Moscow Red Square appeared, immediately attracted attention, Chinese tourists with a surprise waving greetings, locals and foreign tourists can not help but look back.
The same day, China's first professional tourism police team-Hainan Province Sanya Public Security Bureau members of the Tourism police detachment came to Moscow Red Square, and the Local on-duty tourism police Exchange study.
Moscow tourism Police in Red Square, Nikoliski Pedestrian street, GU department store and other places into three groups on duty patrol, the Chinese tourism police together with the post study, the whole process lasted one hours.
Female police officer Liuchinie, more than 20 years old, is fluent in English and Spanish, and has just joined the tourist police force last year.
He looked closely at the Russian peers ' deeds and deeds, and exchanged them with her.
When the Spanish tourists came to consult, the Moscow tourist police in fluent Spanish to the other side of the patient to explain, which impressed Wang Bing.
"The Moscow travel police each master a foreign language, and some will be more than two, which is very touching for us." ”
As an international tourist island, Hainan is paying more attention to attract international tourists, and we hope to improve our ability to match the status of the international Tourism Island. ”
The same day, before studying with the post, the Chinese tourist police also went to the Moscow Tourism Police Brigade to communicate with their Russian counterparts.
"I often deal with Chinese tourists and see that they are very happy to travel to Russia," he said. ”
"The question they usually ask for is: How to walk, where a monument is, how to taxi, how to get back to the hotel." ”
Moscow Tourism Police Brigade Captain Resakov said that in recent years, Moscow's urban environment and tourism atmosphere has become better and more attractive to foreign tourists.
In order to meet the needs of tourism development, the establishment of the tourism police team in July 2014, responsible for patrolling the major attractions to protect, help and divert tourists.
At present, all the Moscow tourist police are proficient in English, and partly in Spanish and German.
According to the foreign language level, the police brigade divided them into 9 groups, 2 times a week to learn self-defense moves, laws and regulations and foreign languages.
"There are two of tourist police who are starting to learn Chinese, and we have to continue to improve their Chinese," Resakov said.
Resakov told reporters, the Moscow tourist Police since the formation, has accumulated a certain experience, hope to Sanya peer inspiration.
He believed that the cooperation between the two countries ' police departments would enhance the security of their citizens to travel to each other's country.
"The staff recruitment, police mode, equipment and good interaction with tourists have brought us a lot of inspiration," Chen Xiaoqun said.
Beijing reporter combed found that at present at least Hebei, Jilin, Tianjin, Jiangxi, Sichuan, Hainan, Gansu, Fujian, Beijing and other 9 provinces and cities issued a residence permit implementation rules.
For the conditions of applying for residence permit, the above-mentioned areas are generally proposed to live for more than half a year, in accordance with the legal stability of employment, lawful stable residence, one of the conditions of continuous study.
Beijing, the reporter noted that the treatment of residence permits, the "gold" in different places, compared with the national version of the provisions of some areas to provide public services and facilitate the scope of expansion.
These areas have increased the ease with which children can participate in the local college entrance examination under the relevant conditions.
In addition, Beijing has also clearly asked for a gradual expansion of the scope of public services and facilitation, and is regularly published to the community.
For example, Fujian proposes to publish to society at least every 3 years the scope of public services and conveniences enjoyed by the holder of a residence permit.
The "Temporary residence permit" stipulates that the public security organs shall, within 15th from the date of acceptance, make the issuance of residence permits in accordance with the conditions of the residence permit.
With regard to the time limit for issuance, most areas are in line with the national version, which is to be issued within 15th.
Hebei clear, to meet the requirements of the conditions, material complete, residential police stations should be accepted from the date of 3 working days from the issuance of residence permits.
Jiangxi stipulates that the public security organs shall make the issuance of residence permits within 5 working days from the date of acceptance, in accordance with the conditions for applying for residence permits and the complete proof materials.
In accordance with the "temporary residence permit" provisions, the above areas are clear, the first time to apply for a residence permit, exemption certificate fees.
For example, Sichuan requirements, local police stations or commissioned community service agencies to strictly enforce the approved fee items and fees standards, resolutely prohibit the super scope, super standard fees or ride charges.
After investigation, July 27, 2016, the original Ganzhou Dingnan County Secretary Chenyangxia to the Provincial Discipline inspection report to work, as party conduct political wind Supervision room director (Deputy Director class, probation one year).
That night the red wine is provided by Li YOUCAI individuals and other expenses are borne by Liu.
Jiangxi Province, the Ministry of Discipline reported that Chenyangxia, Cheng and other people in private clubs organized and accepted invitation, violated the central eight provisions of the spirit, violated the party's discipline.
Pogba last season in the Italian Cup to eat two yellow cards, according to the rules will be automatically suspended.
Although he has moved back to the Premiership, the FA has continued to postpone its cumulative ban to the premiership.
In this way, Pogba will be sidelined in the August 14 game against Bournemouth, and his first show back to Manchester United will be postponed to the home game at Southampton on 20th.
As the first round of the 2014 rookie 12th, Saric will be officially landed in the NBA next season and join the Philadelphia team.
Saric as a young European player, many fans are not very familiar with him, but through the Olympic Games, I believe that Saric's performance has left a deep impression on people.
At the last moment, Saric successfully sealed off Pau Gasol in an attempt to pull the game into overtime after a Croatia victory over Spain.
Recently, the 76-person team coach Brett Brown gave Saric a high rating, the Spurs manager believes he saw in Saric young Manu-Gino's shadow.
Obviously, Saric has shown his talent and has made 76 of people look forward to him.
Croatia scored 24 points, 17 rebounds and 12 assists in the first two games of the Saric.
In the first half, Saric showed his ability to open up space on the pitch, and he hit the ball outside the three-point line after he pulled his teammates off.
Although the 76-person insider is hoarding many talented young players, they do not have the ability to saric outside the perimeter.
From the CAP to the launch of the long break and assists, there are only a handful of players in the NBA that can do it today.
Since the beginning of the Olympic Games, Saric in 3 games have won 13 points, 8 rebounds and 5 assists, performance is comprehensive.
James has signed two consecutive $number contracts since the summer of 2014 when he decided to return to the Cavaliers.
As the NBA's current labor agreement is about to enter its final year, James will be at the forefront of negotiations on labor agreements as Vice president of the NBA player's union.
Thanks to a big boost in the union's revenues, it's a tribute to the new television deal and the battle between bosses and players about how to deal with the money, fearing that the NBA will fall into a standstill next summer.
But for James, he doesn't have to worry about becoming a free agent next summer because he's already signed a 3-year contract with the Cavaliers.
No matter when the 2017-18 season starts officially, James is in the contract.
Since the Iphonese stunning debut, the handset market also ushered in the small screen machine craze.
Shortly before, Nubian also launched its first work of the Z11 series: Nubiaz11mini.
Nubiaz11mini continues its consistent and excellent photographic gene, and is equipped with a single hand easier to grip the 5.0-inch screen, easy and easy to use the back fingerprint recognition, the achievement of its outstanding experience.
Nubia's just-listed small-screen camera phone Z11mini 200 yuan, that is, from the original 1499 yuan to 1299 yuan.
In terms of appearance, Nubiaz11mini used a 5-inch 1080P screen, the front is still the classic "Small red circle" design.
The middle frame is a metal material, and the bottom is symmetrically designed and configured with a TYPE-C data interface.
Future of the Portland smelter is fraught with uncertainty due to the cancellation of the power supply contract
As the factory-powered power company disclosed that a factory owner would terminate a supply contract to invalidate all supply contracts, the hundreds of workers at the Portland aluminium smelter in Victoria and the factory are facing an uncertain future.
The move comes after the Victorian government decided not to continue to subsidize factory operations.
The 20-year fixed subsidy will expire in November.
2000 workers at Alcoa's Portland plant may face unemployment.
As soon as the factory closes, there may be as many as 2000 people directly or indirectly unemployed.
And because the plant uses about 10% of all of Victoria's electricity output, it may also have a ripple effect.
Alcoa closed the Hanry Kok smelter in 2014, leading to the closure of the Anglesey power plant last year.
Alcoa's Portland smelter is currently losing money and facing a risk of closure.
The move comes after a forecast for the factory in the next few years, initially because of the strength of the Australian dollar and, more recently, the price of the factory's products.
AGL supplies electricity to the large aluminium smelter through the Latrobe Valley old Eyang power plant. The company predicts that three other factory owners will also terminate their agreement.
The largest shareholder in the plant is a joint venture between Alcoa and Alumina, while China's Citic Group and Japan's Marunouchi company also hold a small stake.
"AGL expects the Portland plant to continue operating, which means the smelter will continue to generate electricity demand," the joint venture said. ”
AGL said the contracts were "hedging contracts" that should have been in force since November 2016.
The termination period of the contract is 12 months, so they will terminate in 2017.
"Therefore, AGL still predicts that these contracts will continue to generate revenue in fiscal year 2017," the power company said. ”
Any revenue impact on AGL from the fiscal year 2018 is now a bullish outlook for wholesale electricity prices in the futures market.
AGL said the company had reduced its contract value by $187 million in "ending activity expectations".
Alcoa said the decision to terminate the contracts "will not affect Alcoa's ability to operate the smelter or to guarantee the smelter's power supply."
The US company said it signed a 20-year contract with old Eyang in 2010, which would have come into effect in November this year, but the company did not explain why the contract was withdrawn.
Analysts caution about whether the Tomago plant in Victoria's Portland smelter and near NKSR will be closed because of the industry's dire economic situation.
In response to analysts ' comments earlier this week, AGL operations director 史蒂芬·米克尔森 said Portland's electricity consumption reached about 600 megawatts a year, and the Tomago plant reached about 900 megawatts.
If two factories shut down, the demand for electricity market will be greatly reduced.
"It's not good news for us as a power company," he says.
Community Law Center shuts 160,000 people out every year
Every year more than 160,000 of the most vulnerable groups are shut out of Community law centres. The service is already overstretched and now faces further capital cuts.
In Queensland, three out of every five persons were rejected in the search for free legal advice and agency services, most of them elderly, migrants, vulnerable workers, victims of violence and those who did not have the resources to fight unjust evictions.
The lack of funding for community legal Services has already exceeded the limit and now faces further capital cuts.
The federal government's funding for these legal centres will be reduced by another 30% per year since June.
詹姆斯·法雷尔, head of the Queensland Community Law Center, said thousands of people were turned away every year according to the latest National Community Association Law Center Investigation report.
Mr Farrell says the situation will only get worse if the federal government does not change the existing decision.
"The Queensland Community Law Centre is chronically underfunded, which means thousands of people will not be able to get the essential services they need," he said. ”
People who need to stay away from violence, those who are burdened with huge debts, families that are falling apart, and squeezed workers face legal problems, and the report shows that they are unable to get the help they need.
The federal government will cut back 30% of its funding since June 2017, which means thousands of vulnerable groups in Queensland will be forced to face complex legal problems without help.
We call on the Attorney-General and Queensland Congressman 乔治·布兰迪斯 to withdraw the money-cutting decisions immediately so that people can get the help they need in the face of legal problems.
Last year, the state pledged to raise legal aid funds to the national average.
Attention must now be paid to the needs of Community law centres and their corresponding communities, and the Bai government must also devote itself to this important work.
Donald Trump's campaign team is being sued for pulling guns
NEW York: Trump's campaign team was charged with pulling a gun at a worker when he was driving a Jeep in February.
文森特·博迪尼, a former software trainer for the state's campaign team, described the incident in a state court in Charlotte in Wednesday.
Mr. Bodini said he had hoped the affair would be resolved internally, but he realised "it is not likely to happen" after months of waiting.
According to Bodini's description, the person named 厄尔·菲利普 "pulled out a pistol, put his right forefinger on the board and pointed the muzzle at Vincent's knee bone." ”
After complaining to the local and regional campaign leadership, Bodini learned from the file that at least four other people had gone through the same thing.
Bodini said in a complaint: "No shooting does not mean that it will not cause harm." ”
Just two days before the case, the Republican presidential candidate told the crowd in North Carolina State that if his rival Hillary Clinton was elected and chose her favourite judge, the "people who support the Second Amendment", the gun holder and gun enthusiast, might act, sparking outrage.
Trump's campaign team said the media had taken the word out of his words and he did not advocate violence.
In a complaint, Bodini asked the campaign team to compensate for his oversight, while also demanding that Philip compensate for his attacks, beatings and mental injuries.
Trump spokesman 霍普·希克斯 did not immediately respond to the news.
Could not reach Philip.
Philip recently left the campaign team, according to WCCB, a local news agency in Charlotte.
His consulting firm Innovative Consulting Services did not immediately respond to calls.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump's campaign team is under controversy.
Both sides of the case are Bodini and Trump presidential campaign company, 16-cs-14300, Mecklenburg County (Charlotte) High Court general Chamber.
Britain must deliver Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow Airport
Heathrow will also bring dynamism and prosperity to our communities, London and the country as a whole.
For me, this is Heathrow's charm, just as we did our best to ensure that our country and region benefited from these events at the 2012 London Olympics.
The Olympics have benefited Stratford and the east side.
And we will create opportunities for the local people and businesses around Heathrow to benefit the region again.
As far as our local community is concerned, we will create 10,000 new apprenticeships, 40,000 new jobs and get the young people around the airport out of the unemployment trap.
Just before the 2012 London Olympics, some people thought Heathrow's expansion was too big.
I was told that Britain would not be ready for the Olympics and that we would lose face all over the world.
Sceptics are wrong about the 2012 Olympics, and their suspicions of Heathrow will prove wrong.
While there will always be hurdles to overcome, Heathrow is tackling every problem it faces.
Like the Olympics, Heathrow is a infrastructure project for most people rather than a few.
The expansion will create up to 180,000 new jobs and bring in 211 billion of pounds of economic growth, leaving a technology and employment fortune around the airport and across the UK.
We have an excellent Heathrow project team. The team has completed a 11 billion-pound infrastructure investment project on time and within budget, including the T5 terminal, which has been elected to the world's best airport terminal for five consecutive years, and the T2 terminal between the two busiest runways in the world.
Now they are preparing to build a third runway with a private investment of £ 16 billion.
Britain successfully hosted the 2012 London Olympics, and I believe the Heathrow Airport expansion will be a great success.
Now is the time for us to deliver the Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow, so that we can escort our future and create a wealth of technology and employment that prides the whole of Britain.
Lord 保罗·戴顿 is the chairman of the Heathrow Airport board and the former British Treasury commercial counsellor
A woman killed herself and died on a Swiss motorway.
The victim lay on the motorway at midnight.
The woman who tried to kill himself was run over by several cars on the motorway in the early Thursday. The police are now looking for witnesses.
The accident occurred on the A1 Highway near Vaud/waadt in early Thursday.
Vaud/waadt police said a woman was "hopelessly" lying on the road in the middle of the night and was run over by several vehicles.
The victim, a 49-year-old Swiss woman, had apparently committed suicide attempts. She was run over by many cars, including a lorry.
The woman died on the spot.
Police have revealed that a number of drivers have been investigated, but some drivers have not yet confirmed. Police are now calling on them and witnesses to the accident to be investigated.
吉勒斯·霍夫 Steiter, a lawyer for the Geneva Tribune, indicated that criminal investigations had been initiated, a routine process for such incidents.
But it is not yet known whether there will be drivers facing charges.
Is it possible to avoid collisions?
"This will be determined by the prosecutor," said Hough Steiter.
According to the results of two similar cases in the past five years, drivers will not be liable.
Both cases were caused by the fact that someone had taken to the motorway late at night, according to the report. The final verdict was that the pilot could not have foreseen that pedestrians would cross the highway at midnight.
Last year, a police officer was charged with negligence for death, alleging that in August 2014, she hit a man and died on the A1 highway near payer.
The court learned that the 22-year-old victim had been drinking and crossing the road.
After the investigation, the judge said that the woman policeman's driving was perfectly legal and that the man appeared on the road "completely unexpected and unpredictable", and the policewoman later dialed the emergency call.
Anyone who can provide information about the accident near the Thursday Moore Day should call 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 44 contact police.
NASA climate model: Venus was once fit for human habitation
According to NASA's new climate model, Venus has been fitted for human habitation.
Scientists at NASA's Goddard Space Institute have developed a model to explore the past of Venus, which uses tools and algorithms similar to those used by climate scientists.
The model is used to determine whether Venus, which has high surface temperatures, no water and carbon dioxide in the atmosphere, has ever had a similar Earth-like environment.
Earlier, scientists believed that Venus ' rotation was slower because of its thicker atmosphere.
But the latest simulations suggest that Venus may have had a thinner, Earth-like atmosphere and at that time rotated at a slower rate.
The model also shows the early terrain of Venus.
Venus may have more dry areas than Earth, but there has been enough water and geographical changes to nurture life and prevent rapid evaporation.
In the early days, the sun shone on Venus 30% brighter than the Earth.
"The slow rotation of Venus at the Goddard Space Institute has made the day nearly two months on one side," 安东尼·德尔·杰尼奥, a scientist at the Goddard Space Institute, explained at a news conference. ”
This warms the surface and produces rain that can form thick clouds, which are like an umbrella that blocks most of the sun's heat.
The result of the simulation is that the average weather temperature of Venus is actually a few degrees lower than the current Earth.
The model simulates the evolution of Venus similar to that previously speculated by planetary scientists.
Although there may have been life on Venus, Venus has been exposed to high temperatures and ultraviolet rays in the course of billions of years.
The oceans on the planet evaporate and the water vapor is burned out by ultraviolet rays.
As hydrogen escapes, it leaves only a thicker carbon dioxide atmosphere and a lethal greenhouse gas effect, which forms what we know today about Venus.
The researchers published the results of the new Venus Climate model in the journal Geophysical Research Newsletter.
帕特里克·罗伊 resigned as Avalanche manager
帕特里克·罗伊 resigned as manager and vice president of the Colorado Avalanche ice hockey team in Thursday, saying he had no say in the team's decision-making level.
乔·萨奇斯, executive vice president of Colorado, confirmed the news and said the club would immediately start looking for a new manager.
"Over the past three years, I have been active, passionate and determined to fulfill the responsibilities of the Colorado Avalanche coach and vice president," Roy, 50, said in a statement. ”
I've been thinking about how to improve this team throughout the summer and make it more powerful.
To this end, the goal of the manager and vice president must be consistent with the goals of the club.
He must also have a say in the decisions that affect the team's performance.
But these conditions are not yet met.
Sachs, who hired Roy on May 23, 2013, thanked Roy for his contribution to the team.
Sachs said: "Patrick told me his decision today." ”
We thanked him for the contribution he made to the club and hoped that he would be smooth sailing in the future.
Roy was nominated as the best coach of the 杰克·亚当斯 Award league in his first season with the 2013-14-year-old avalanche team.
He helped the club gain 112 points, ranking first in the Central Division. But the Colorado team was knocked out by Minnesota in the first round of the playoffs and missed the playoffs in the last two average.
2015-16 season, the Avalanche team's result is 39 wins 39 flat 4 negative, finally has lost the Western Big League division second card qualifications in the 5 points difference.
As goalkeeper of the Hall of Fame, Roy has won four Stanley Cups, each with two seats for the Montreal Canadian team and the Avalanche team.
North Sea oil workers stop strike and continue negotiations
The chief negotiator said workers at the North Sea oil field had halted the pay strike, and the parties to the dispute began a new round of negotiations.
A number of strikes against Wood Group, the Oil-field Service company, have appeared on the North Sea oil platform operated by Royal Dutch Shell.
According to a joint statement, "Wood Group and the Unite and RMT unions can confirm that we have agreed to restart the current dispute resolution process." ”
We will revisit these issues from the beginning of next week with a number of all-day meetings in the coming weeks.
The union said it had recently taken action to protest the highest possible pay cut of 30% per cent, which was the first by the Union since 25.
Wood Group has reduced the compensation for North Sea contractors by about 9% this year due to market pressure.
Prior to the pay cut, the company lowered its offshore contractor's pay by 10% in 2014.
The company said another pay cut would help the company tide over the market depression.
Shell has cut thousands of of its staff and announced plans to shut down 10 of its oil and gas facilities because it needs to streamline its operations after it merged with British Gas group, a UK energy company.
Energy companies are under pressure from a drop in crude oil prices and the UK's decision to take off Europe in June.
戴夫·安德森, a member of the Scottish Parliament, met with union leaders earlier this week to discuss the biggest labor dispute in the North Sea generation.
He says the North Sea is crucial to the region's economy.
"In the North Sea and across the country, we need an economy that serves the majority, not the few," Dave said in a statement. ”
The new North Sea project was expected to spend no more than $1.4 billion in 2016, while the average project expenditure in the past five years amounted to about $7 billion.
Kepler measures the rotational speed of a star in a Pleiades cluster
The latest mission of the Kepler space telescope has helped astronomers capture the most complete star rotation rate in the Pleiades.
The new data are helping astronomers understand why stars in the cluster have different rotational velocities and the correlation between the rotation cycle and the planet's composition.
"We hope to further understand the relationship between stellar mass, age, and even the history of the solar system by comparing our results with other clusters," said 卢萨·雷布尔, a researcher at the Center for Infrared processing and analysis at the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena. ”
The Pleiades is 445 light-years from Earth.
Many of the stars in the cluster were born about 125 million years ago and have just reached adulthood.
They reach the highest rotational speed in their lifetimes.
At the highest rotational speed, these mature stars shoot a large number of stellar winds.
When these stellar winds travel through the magnetic field of a star, they can produce a braking effect on the star.
As the age of the star increases, its rotational speed begins to slow down.
Kepler measures the rotational velocities of the stars by tracking the time that a recognizable stellar sunspot (like sunspots) appears.
The latest rotational velocity datasets show that the larger stars have a slower rotation rate than the smaller stars.
Raible compares a star to a dancer, and a larger dancer spins slower than a smaller dancer.
"In the ' ballet ' of the Pleiades, we found that stars with slower rotation tend to be of greater mass, and the fastest-spinning stars tend to be the lightest stars," says Raible. ”
Because the Pleiades cluster is close to each other, it can serve as an ideal cosmic laboratory for comparing stellar mass with rotational velocities.
"The Pleiades has laid the foundation for a two-way spin theory model for Young and aging stars," Raible said. ”
We still have a lot of knowledge about how stars, when and why they slow their rotation and "put away their own dancing shoes."
Raible and her colleagues elaborated on their latest analysis of the rotational speed of the Pleiades in three new papers. The three papers will soon be published in the Journal of the day literature.
South Lake Park Water Management Section chief Zheng Jianjun Introduction, South Lake bottom depths of more than 10 meters, do not know the situation of the sewer, very likely to occur dangerous.
Although the South Lake Rescue Team is very professional, but still hope that the vast number of boating visitors can wear life jackets, in the lake do not do illegal acts, safe play. "said Zheng Jianjun.
Wai Tau Village has a unique marine environment, sitting in the natural ecological and humanistic ecological two leisure tourism resources.
"But the individual owners who bought the community parking spaces, fearing that this would affect their own rental prices, also suspected that others have selfish motives, so has been behind the destruction, leading to the renovation of the parking lot is shelved." ”
There are still a myriad of academic arguments as to when the sweet potato will be introduced by whom.
In the current mainstream view, the introduction of sweet potatoes is mainly three lines.
The most influential and widely spread of the three lines introduced by Yams is the introduction of Chen Zhenlong from the Philippines to Fuzhou.
The Beijing Social Group Management Office will carry out special checks on the use of the unified receipt of social organizations ' contributions.
Inspection is divided into unit self-examination and focus spot check two kinds.
City Society Office related person responsible for the introduction, the scope of the inspection includes 2013 to 2015 in the City Association office to receive the social group dues unified receipts of social groups.
"The success of the Olympics is defined by people who share stories in social media," said the Rio Olympic Committee in the 2012 Olympics communication strategy. ”
From the report of this Olympic Games, the media in the way of communication, product form, language style, news perspective and many other aspects of the past has made a great change.
The IOC and media practitioners around the world seem to have already met this challenge.
August 11, Everbright Securities H-share of the public offering into the last day. It is reported that the market reaction of the two days before the IPO was bland. According to the plan, it will be listed at HKEx on August 18.
A domestic brokerage analyst said that the Oriental securities on the basis of Hong Kong is not good, its capital management business is the East card director. Compared with BOC International, Citic Securities and other banks of the brokerage, appear congenitally deficient.
Experts pointed out that this year with the return of the stock market insipid, many brokerages performance has declined, but the company after the listing of the situation to more look at the company's own business development situation, can not generalize.
After the new deal is introduced, Suzhou will be the first second-tier city to restart the country.
The introduction or imminent introduction of the property control policy of the second-tier cities in Suzhou, including Hefei, Nanjing and other cities.
Earlier, Hefei has been the first to issue restrictions on lending policy, for the two suites in Hefei and has a set of housing loans outstanding buyers, banks will refuse to provide mortgage services.
