28-year-old chef was found dead in a San Francisco shopping mall
A 28-year-old chef who had recently moved to San Francisco was found dead in the stairwell of a local mall this week.
But the victim's brother said he could not think of anyone that would want to harm his brother and said "everything is finally getting better.""
The San Francisco Coroner's office said that the body found at Westfield Shopping Center on Wednesday morning was identified as Frank Galicia, 28 years old, a San Francisco resident.
The San Francisco police station said the death was a homicide and is under investigation.
The victim's brother, Louis Galicia, told ABC station KGO in San Francisco that Frank, previously a line cook in Boston, had landed his dream job as line chef at San Francisco's Sons &amp; Daughters restaurant six months ago.
A spokesman for the Sons &amp; Daughters restaurant said they were "very shocked" by Frank's death.
The spokesman said, "We were a small team of people who got along like a close family, we will miss him deeply."
At this difficult time, our thoughts and condolences are with Frank's family and friends.
Louis Galicia said Frank was originally living in a guest house, but recently "everything was getting better."
"He found an apartment, he was dating a girl," Louis Galicia told KGO."
Louis Galicia said he could not think  of anyone who would want to harm his brother.
Frank has a good heart and a broad mind.
Louis Galicia said: "Frank often cooked dinner for his family."
He never wanted to quarrel with his family.
He is a man who goes with the flow.
"With everything else in the world  is likely to be wrong, Frank, with rough appearance but intelligence inside, was a person shining like diamond everyday." Louis Galicia said."
People with clues please call the San Francisco Police Department informants' hot-line 415-575-4444.
Junior doctors strike: Calls for new labor movement
Representatives of junior doctors have called on their union to authorize fresh industrial action in their dispute about a new contract.
The junior doctors committee  of the British Medical Association  is to ask its full council to back more strikes from early September.
The junior doctors' committee said the ministers did not solve their concerns about the contract.
Junior doctors and medical students voted in July to reject the contract deals between the government and the British Medical Association.
Of the members who participated in the vote, 58% opposed the contract.
In a letter addressed to Twitter on Thursday night, Ellen McCourt, chairman of the Junior Medical Council, said that the government "has always remained silent" for the problem that have led to a boycott of the contract.
"In view of this, the Executive Committee of the Junior Medical Council voted unanimously to reject the proposed new contract and called for a formal resumption of consultations on all their concerns," she said."
In response to the government's silence, the executive committee of the Junior Medical Council has formally requested the British Medical Association Council to convene a special meeting to approve a long-term plan aimed at upgrading labor operations from early September.
The dispute has led to junior doctors taking part in six strikes this year, including the first all-out stoppages in the history of the NHS.
Dr. Johann Malawana, the leader of the British Medical Association, resigned after the boycott of the agreed terms of the contract recommended by the British Medical Association.
He had told BMA members the deal was a good one that should be accepted, during meetings ahead of the poll of 54,000 junior doctors and medical students.
After the vote, Health Minister Jeremy Hunt said that the contract would be enforced among England health care workers.
Russia and Turkey: An "alliance of misfit"?
A gesture ends a crisis.
The leaders of Russia and Turkey met on Tuesday. They shook hands and announced a formal end to an eight-month long war of words and economic sanctions.
But, as Vladimir Putin greeted his Turkish counterpart in the gilded hall of a St. Petersburg palace, I got the distinct impression that Ankara wants this reconciliation the most.
Yes, the two parties do shake hands.
But Mr Putin's smile looked thin and he was hardly oozing warmth even by his own restrained standards.
According to reports, Recep Tayyip Erdogan referred to his "dear friend" Mr. Putin five times.
I can not remember.
At the same time, he promises to restore the relations with Russia back to level before the crisis, or even higher.
The next day, one newspaper here described Mr Erdogan as acting as if nothing bad had ever happened.
But I think his enthusiasm implied something opposite.
However, Mr. Putin's continued indifferent attitude shows that he has not forgotten anything.
In fact, the cause of the crisis was the first thing he mentioned in his opening comments: Turkey shot down a Russian fighter plane on the Syrian border.
Moscow's reaction was intense.
Mr. Putin furiously criticized the incident, accusing Ankara of plotting against Moscow.
The attack from the so-called friends is even more difficult to accept.
It is difficult or even impossible for both parties to restore mutual trust.
The polls in Russian show a twist turn since the beginning of November.
Over the past few months, the government-controlled media had been making a set of all-out shocking attacks on Ankara.
Suddenly, the Turks seem to be responsible for everything.
Most serious accusations comes from top officials, saying that Mr Erdogan and his family has profited from illegal oil trades from ISIS-held territory.
He has denied this outright.
But messages from St. Petersburg suggest that it's time to move on.
After all, this meeting only happened because Mr Putin received the apology he demanded from President Erdogan.
Russia can declare victory.
For Ankara, the benefits of a ceasefire are very clear.
Of first importance, Erdogan needs all the friends he can get after he was nearly ousted from power last month in a failed coup.
The frequent terrorist attacks have made a big impact on him.
But also has economic motives.
Russian sanctions are a big hit against Turkey, especially for charter flights that can transport millions of Russian tourists to the Turkish coast each year.
The figure has fallen sharply by nearly 90%.
With the resumption of flights, the Russian travel agencies and charter companies will breathe a sigh of relief.
They will meet the Mediterranean tourism tide at the end of the season.
State television station even predicts  this week that the prices of fruits and vegetables will decrease once Turkey's agricultural products  are reopened to import,
A report of Moscow newspaper Vedemosti said: "tourists gone, tomato came back.""
For Moscow, the visit also has additional political value.
Ankara was angry at the weak reaction of the Western world at the take over.
Besides,  Ankara has long-standing grudge at the snail's pace of talks to join the EU and step in Mr Putin - who is keen to capitalist on the chill and chip away at Turkey's ties with the West.
Due to their endorsement for the elected government after the coup failed, the Russian leaders are bound to gain Ankara's extra points.
Please note that this is a gift for Moscow, which always has a deep-rooted fear of regime change.
Thus, the meeting held in this magnificent seaside palace made Russia and Turkey, two countries that were rejected and ill-treated by the Western world, formed an ally, and an analyst described this as the "outsider league".
However, there are still major differences between the two sides despite public reconciliation.
Syria is one of the key factors.Moscow has recently played a peacekeepingg role in Syria, while Russia and Turkey have supported the opposite faction.
It is predictable that after almost three hours of initial talks, the two presidents tell a press conference that they haven't even touched on that topic.
The President of Turkey deliberately avoided answering a question on their differences, while Mr Putin chose to highlight it.
The two sides have reached a clear consensus on how to seek common ground while reserving differences on the Syrian issue.
But after months of open hostility,  and given the potential for utter disaster when NATO member Turkey shot down that Russian fighter jet, it is certainly better now that the two leaders are at least talking again.
Royal Bank of Scotland will no longer serve customers outside of Scotland
According to CEO of the Royal Bank of Scotland, the bank will be simplified as a logistical organization.
Royal Bank of Scotland will no longer serve customers outside of Scotland.
Ross McEwan told the BBC Scottish division that the Royal Bank of Scotland brand had been committed to its global ambitions.
But eight years ago on the brink of collapse, had to accept the rescue since then began to give up that pursuit.
During that time, brand strategists have used 'RBS' to protect other consumer finance brands.
The group committed millions of pounds to sponsoring international sport, from Six Nations rugby to Wimbledon champion Andy Murray.
But now, the correct way is to let more national brands come to fore.
Royal Bank of Scotland will serve Scottish customers, but will not be restored to its original status.
In England and Wales, all references, outside headquarters and the listing on stock exchanges, will be changed to National Westminster Bank.
The Alster Bank brand has been used by customers in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
There are other smaller yet more prominent private banking brands, such as Coutts, Adam &amp; Co., Drummond, and Holt's Military Bank.
Mr. McEwan has been  interviewed at the Inverness County during a customer and staff tour.
"The Royal Bank of Scotland brand will eventually become our investor brand and one of the best employees' brands," he told the BBC Scottish division, "as we are now a bank with a lot of brands.""
As the bank itself became a global brand, RBS also became a global brand.
I'm now saying we are no longer focused on global but local.
Each brand has its own differentiation representing its own industry, and our employees can serve our customers in different industries through different brands.
Royal Bank of Scotland had already stated that it would not to continue its Six Nations sponsorship, and it has been raising the profile of different brands in its sports sponsorship.
"It's time for us to move to the bank of brands, because we've been asking how do we focus on making this a better bank for customers on the side?" said the chief executive."
If our determination of becoming a gigantic bank with various brands three years ago would be jeered at,
At the moment, we focus on customer needs, and I believe you already have noticed these changes.
We can relaunch these brands, so I think the time is right.
Dettori won his 3,000th career race with Predilection at Newmarket.
Dettori sprays champagne after two victories at Newmarket take him to 3,000 wins.
On Friday, professional jockey  Frankie Dettori scored his 3,000th victory at Newmarket.
He used Predilection who was trained by trainer John Gosden to ride on the track and won twice in the evening, and achieved the 3,000th win of his career.
The 45-year-old Italian is in sixth position in a level field achieving a milestone as a professional horse racing jockey.
The top five respectively are: Sir Gordon Richards, Doug Smith, Lester Piggott, Pat Eddery and Willie Carson.
Three-time champion jockey Dettori, who earlier won on Ghayyar, said: "It is special.""
I am very excited because my family is also on the scene
I am happy with my achievements at Newmarket, because I started from here 30 years ago.
It was not a big jockey tournament, nor the Royal Ascot, this is just an ordinary Friday night with 20,000 spectators.
I am very pleased and very humble.
Dai Tuli received the Predilection after winning, causing the audience to cheer
In the field of obstacle courses, two jockeys have achieved this achievement, they are the champion jockey Richard Johnson (Richard Johnson) and now retired winner of 20 championships Sir Anthony McCoy (Anthony McCoy), of which Sir McCoy had more than 4,300 victories in his record-breaking career.
Berger is a nine-time champion of Derby match, and he has a total of 4,493 wins in his professional career.
Chartly is the best jockey at the present so it was not surprising that he had made this milestone, few have achieved this before him.
He is stylish and strong, but it is his tactical nous that make him outstanding from others in the weighing room.
He is a great equestrian ambassador, his enthusiasm and charisma have been drawing fans to the sport for years.
I side to Frankie a few weeks ago at Epsom, he'd have reached 6,000 victories if he wasn't just a weekend and big-race jockey!
Honestly, Dettori can be called the best horse racing jockey in the United Kingdom in the past 30 years, which is very significant.
His character is lively, which is a good thing for the British horse racing field, but besides this, he is an incredible jockey.
Dai Li Li celebrated this milestone with its iconic jump horse action
From jumping to the finish line to jumping off the horse, Dettori has always been an archetype of UK flat horse racing for two decades.
His career has been a roller coaster.
He won several championships, including his famous "seven-game winning streak" at Royal Ascot in 1996. However, he also suffered a crash and served a drugs ban.
Three years ago, he initially struggled when returning from the six-month suspension.However, he showed formidable strength of character to defy the doubters and return to his best.
He e may not be done for some time - Dettori has previously said he would like to carry on competing until the age of 50, at least.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has dismissed chief of staff, Sergei Ivan.
Russian President Vladimir Putin unexpectedly fired  Sergei Ivanov as Director of the Office of the President.
Over the years, Mr. Ivanov has always been a key member of the core group that Mr. Putin trusts most.
The 63-year-old Ivanov has now been made a special representative for environmental and transport issues.
A statement from the Kremlin said that Mr Putin had "decreed to relieve Ivanov of his duties as head of the Russian presidential administration," but didn't give a reason.
Anton Vaino, who has served as deputy for Mr. Ivanov since 2012, has been appointed as his successor.
Mr Vaino, 44, is a former diplomat.
He was born in Tallinn, Estonia, in 1972, graduated from the prestigious Moscow International Institute of International Relations (MGIMO),  and had worked at the Tokyo Embassy.
Later he managed presidential draft and government staff, says the Kremlin website (in Russian).
After being appointed, he expressed his gratitude to Mr Putin: "Thank you for your trust.""
I think the most important task of this government is to support the head of state in drafting laws and implementing rules.
Mr Putin told a Russian TV station on Friday that Mr. Ivanov had asked to leave the post, and recommended that Mr. Vaino should replace him.
Is this smile convincing?
Moscow was puzzled by the move.
Sergei Ivanov has long been one of Vladimir Putin's closest assistants and, like him, served in the Soviet security service, the KGB.
As chief of staff, he was one of the most powerful men in the country.
In a meeting with President Putin shown on state television, both men claimed that the chief of staff was stepping down at his own request.
Despite the smile in front of the camera, no one is convinced - especially in this time of  parliamentary elections.
So, is this the result of the failure in some power struggle?
Not yet known.
However, the official statement - that a presidential candidate suddenly chose to take over Russia's environmental policy - caused many doubts.
In remarks to Mr Putin, quoted on the Kremlin website, Mr Ivanov said "it's true that in early 2012 I asked you, in a conversation, to entrust me with this very complicated post  - you even could say - troublesome post, for four years."
"The result is that I have been the Director of the Office of the President for four years and eight months."
Mr. Ivanov served  in this post in December 2011.
Prior to that, he served as Deputy Prime Minister and Defense Minister.
He is a member of the Security Council of the Russian Federation and,  just like Mr. Putin, is a former agent of the National Security Agency.
In the late 1990s, when Mr Putin was head of the Federal Security Service (FSB, a successor to the KGB), Mr Ivanov was appointed his deputy.
After Mr Putin took office, he appointed Mr. Ivanov as one of the five people he most trusted.
It was once thought that Mr Ivanov might become president of Russia after Mr Putin's second term, because a third term for Mr Putin would have been unconstitutional.
But that position was taken by another close Putin ally, Dmitry Medvedev.
Mr. Putin served as Prime Minister of Russia, before returning to the presidency just three-and-a-half years later.
The mysterious fish appeared at Banff- a garden
A Banff man has appealed for help in identifying fish that have appeared in his garden in Banff.
Kevin Bain thinks the 75 fish may be sand eels brought by sea tornadoes.
Mr. Bain lives about 500m from the sea. He posted footage of this strange scene on Periscope, hoping that someone can shed light on the appearance of the two-inch fish.
Queens ferry Crossing  Bridge now has been connected to Fife
The £1.35 billion project is scheduled to be completed by May 2017.
Engineers have connected the North Bridge of Queensferry Crossing with viaduct, which means that the bridge is getting through to Fife.
The four "bridge wind turbines" near the three bridgeheads of each bridge are now nearing completion, and the project is the first bridge.
The bridge, which starts at Fife, is 600 meters long and weighs 30,000 metric tons.
It used 10,000 tonnes of steel and 20,000 tonnes of concrete and 46 stay-cables.
The £ 1.35 billion project is scheduled to be completed in May 2017.
Economy Minister Keith Brown visited the site today and was among the first to cross the bridge.
"This is a historic moment in the construction of the Queensferry Crossing, "he said."
We're all witnessing the engineering on such a truly epic scale on this project, with over 30,000 tonnes of concrete and steel used just to build this part of the bridge.
Although the bridge is very large and heavy, joining the viaduct and roadway is a meticulous operation, requiring precise assembly.
Overall, nearly 79% of the total bridge deck is now in place, the final section of deck is having its concrete deck cast in Rosyth today, meaning all the deck is ready to be lifted into place on the bridge.
"In any bridge construction program, the final closure is always one significant milestone", said Michael Martin, project director for the QueensFerry Crossing."
On this fantastic project, this closure represents cutting-edge civil engineering.
After installing the last deck section and connecting it to the expanded North Bridge road deck, what come next is to join the gaps on the north side, i.e. the landward side.
To complete this operation we need pull the northern approach viaduct 700 millimeters southwards.
This was a massive and, at the same time, very delicate operation.
It is huge because the viaduct is 222 meters long, weighs about 6,000 metric tons, and needs to be pulled out of a slope of about 3%.
It is precise because the engineering team needs to make sure that the deviation is very small, with only a few millimeters on each side.
It is gratifying that everything is going well.
Simone Biles nails all-around champion in women's gymnastics.
Forget the pressure.
Forget the hype.
Simone Biles has not been affected by any of these.
Vault horse with lots of vitality .
She acted at ease on the balance beam.
What a stunning gymnastics floor exercise.
The overall performance is very exciting.
Finally became the Olympic champion now.
The 19-year-old American gymnast won the all-around championship on Thursday, demonstrating her world-leading talent in gymnastics.
She won with a total score of 62.198, which is higher than silver medalist and "Final Five" team member Aly Raisman and bronze medalist Russian player Aliya Mustafina.
On Thursday, Simone Biles from the United States performs on the balance beam during the artistic gymnastics women's individual all-around final at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Simon Biles helped the US team take home the gold medal of the Olympic Women's Gymnastics Individual All-around four times in a row. She personally won five medals in the Olympic Games, further fortifying that she is the best of her generation and perhaps ever.
When he saw his total score, Beiers could not help but shed tears.She finally ended this long journey.
Beiers is among "the athletes of decades", the same as  Michael Phelps. Both of them have improved their respective areas of sports to a new height:
Biles has been dominating her sport for the last three years, winning 15 world championship medals, including ten gold.She trained industriously with a great ambition to achieve a better precision.1984 Olympic gold medalist Mary Lou Retton said: "Biles is the best gymnast I've ever seen."
There is the last game in Brazil, but this game is more about a battle between Bayer herself and the great expectations upon her, rather than a contest between Bayer and other gymnasts.
If Beiers did not have a gold medal back to her home in Spring, Texas, everyone would be very disappointed.
Simon Beers (left) from the United States and Lisman hugged each other. The two respectively won gold and silver medals in the Racing Gymnastics Women's Individual Finals of the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, in August (Thursday).
Beiers won the first gold medal on Tuesday, giving retired national team coach Karolyi (Martha Karolyi) a pleasant gift on her farewell party.
While Biles insisted she's never looked ahead during her long run at the top, that's not exactly true.
A portion of her floor exercise routine - the one that includes her signature tumbling pass - is set to Latin music that she usually listens to at home one street away from the Rio Olympic Arena.
This is no coincidence.
The girl, adopted by her grandparents as a toddler and discovered by coach Aimee Boorman's mother during a field trip to the gym where Boorman was coaching, has become a force.
She hasn't lost an all-around competition since the summer of 2013, a winning streak that should go for as long as Biles wants it to.
Mustafina took a small lead through two gyrations, but it was a mirage.
Balance beam and floor exercise - where Biles is the defending world champion - lay in wait.
Her balance wood score was 15.433, and a free gymnastics score of 15.933.
While waiting for the final score Lesman gave Beiers a gentle hug.When Beiers learned that he had achieved his dream result, he cried.
Raisman's performance was a bit of revenge from four years ago, when she tied for third but lost the bronze to Mustafina on a tiebreaker.
But this time, this 22-year-old captain, dubbed "Grandma" by the Americans, was way ahead of the pack.
She blew kisses at the crowd after completing floor exercise to declare her return, but some former returns like this seems to be dubious.
Byers is just 19 years old.From earlier this week, the news spread  like a virus on Twitter.For Biles, her life has been given a whole new meaning.
6-year-old Mahaj Brown "who was shot multiple times" was spared in the Philadelphia shootings
Police say a 6-year-old boy has been shot in Philadelphia, marking the second shooting of a 6-year-old in the city this week.
The child's grandparents identified the kid getting shot to CBS Philadelphia as Mahaj Brown.
They said that Brown's groin, legs, arms, abdomen and many other parts were wounded by gunshots, but the child is sober on the way to hospital.
"He suffered a lot, his little body was riddled with bullets," his grandmother, Delores Melendez, told the station.
I can't believe it.
The boy is in a very critical condition at the hospital and has undergone several surgeries.
Family tells the station that the child is expected to recover.
He planed  to  enter first grade in a local elementary school in the first place.
Brown is one of four people who were shot in the Germantown area.
Of the other three people who got shoot, two are  29 years old and one is 32 years old.
According to CBS Philadelphia, one of the 29-year-old victims was in critical condition; the other two were in stable condition.
The TV station reported that the child  and the 29-year-old victim who is in an emergency were found in the car's front seat.
The other two victims were not in the car, the police are investigating whether the gunman is among the injured.
Investigators told CBS Philadelphia that it looked like a crossfire from many gunmen.
The scene found a lot of offensive weapon shells, which can be inferred that they used different offensive weapons.
It is judged that this is undoubtedly a continuing war.
There are bullets shells on the sidewalk on both sides of the street.
"So it appears that there were multiple armed combatants out here and that they were actively engaged,”  Philadelphia police Captain Anthony Ginaldi told the TV station.
Many houses and vehicles in the area were damaged.
The arresting operation has not been launched. It is said that the police are watching the surveillance video.
On Tuesday, a six-year-old kid, a girl, was shot in the arm while playing in front of her home in the West Oak Lane neighborhood.
Presently she is recovering,  and the police are still in pursuit of the suspects.
Why we need Simon, Gabrielle and Laurie
That is how I comment on the Olympic women's gymnastics team for this year with more than one reason.
First of all, from 1984 onwards, I went to every summer Olympic Game, but the United States has never occupied such a dominant position.
Secondly,  this team has three gymnasts, Simone Biles, Gabby Douglas and Lauren Laurie Hernandez, who have been inspiring so many colored young girls.
The make-up of this team, rounded out by Aly Raisman, who is Jewish, and Madison Kocian, who is Catholic, is making everyone proud.
This team finally looks like the U.S. team.
It has also reinforced the top rankings of Black and Latina female in this sport.
Over the past four years, the leading female gymnast has been African-American.
Last year, Simon and Gabriel were ranked the first and second.
This is awesome.
The last Olympic Games, Gabriel Leo Douglas "unexpectedly" got a Olympic championship, which makes the United States cheered endlessly.
Now the whole world is able to witness the incredible performances of three-time World Champion Simone Biles, Douglas and Laurie Hernandez. They made the traditional gymnastics skills extremely miraculous.
On Thursday, Simone helped the US team win 4th straight in the women's individual all-around event.
Her teammate Aly Raisman won a silver medal.
We are witnessing the top of the sport, but it does not look like this at gymnastics classes across the country.
Simone, Gabby and Laurie all took the same path as Aly and Madison to make the Olympic team.
They are called "Final Five", because the next Olympic gymnastics team will be composed of four gymnasts, and this will be Marta Karolyi's last year as a coach .
But the reality is that gymnastics is an expensive sport, and gymnasts primarily train in private gymnastics clubs. Their parents have to pay the cost of the training, facility, travel, uniforms, competition fees, hotel fees (for the coaches, gymnasts and their families) and the list goes on.
Most of these gymnastics clubs are located in affluent suburban neighborhoods that can support the business.
These clubs are where the gymnasts get all of their training, and it's a costly and long-term commitment for the gymnasts' families.
Aimee Boorman, coach of Simone Biles, and Maggie Haney, coach of Laurie Hernandez, have both coached their athletes since they started in gymnastics.
We must bring more affordable and accessible gymnastics to countless young girls who are deeply influenced by Simon, Gabriel and Laurie.
20 years ago, I set up my own gymnastics foundation.
In my organization, we offer free, cheap gymnastics to more than 15,000 urban youth (mainly black and Hispanic Americans) in black residential areas and train national and world champions.
In September, we will expand the program to Detroit, which is my hometown, to provide high quality gymnastics to young people who deserve this opportunity to learn and to benefit from this great Olympic sport.
Gymnastics not only contributes to developing your body's strength, flexibility and coordination, but also facilitates to cultivate your hard-working spirit, self-discipline and determination.
This can bring lifelong benefits to a person's health, school and work success.
Encouraged by this team, thousands of young girls will learn gymnastics, which is really great.
Exercising is very important, especially for girls.
This is an exciting moment.
Thanks to Simon, Ali, Laurie, Gabrielle and Madison for displaying "girl power" in the process of winning the Olympic gold medal, but also thank them for inspiring young girls from different backgrounds to walk upon a healthy, strong, and successful road.
After dismissing Jeremy Hunt's proposal, the junior doctor plans to launch a further strike
The ministers initially wanted to end the change-induced dispute by accepting a revised contract from the British Medical Association (BMA), but 58 percent of the 37,000 primary doctors who participated in the vote were opposed to the contract.
In July, Mr. Hunter revealed plans to impose the contract, saying the British National Health Service System (NHS) is currently undergoing a vacuum of leadership, and any slight delay damages the interests of both employees and patients.
The new contract first mentions the revision of the junior doctors' overnight and weekend work practices in order to improve the caring of non-normal working hours.
Last night, Dr. Ellen McCourt, chairman of the BMA Junior Medical Council, said in a statement: "The junior doctor is still seriously concerned about the proposed contract, especially worried that it will exacerbate the current labor crisis and fail to treat all doctors fairly."
With just eight weeks before the first group of doctors are moved onto the new contract, progress needs to be made and time is running out.
BMA tried to resolve the dispute through negotiations, but was faced with other parties' reluctance to participate, and silence from the government sometimes.
Even so, just last month we got Jeremy Hunt's promise that his main door was always open.
"Now it is time for Jeremy Hunt to take action, revoke the imposition,  and settle the problem that junior doctors concern about."
If he does not do so, the doctors made it clear that they are ready to take further labor action.
The last strike took place at the end of April, resulting in the cancellation of nearly 13,000 routine operation and 100,000 appointments due to the redeployment of nurses and consultation doctors for the doctors on the picket line.
At first, ministers wanted to close this dispute caused by a change, through accepting the contract revised by the BMA.
BMA hopes to get better weekend salary for the 54,000 junior doctors involved in the contract.
Daniel Mortimer, chief executive officer of NHS Employers, asked the  junior doctors not to call any further strike.
“The labor force has little effect, on the contrary, it put pressure on the already dedicated team and service, leading to concerns, worries and confusion among patients, caregivers and their families, " Mr. Mortimer said."
Over the past two months, we have been negotiating with the Junior Medical Council and actively with the Ministry of Health and other departments to respond to their concerns about the role of guardians and reports.
Employers hoped that continued active discussions on other important topics - such as deployment, flexibility in training, additional training for those returning from  a career break, training costs, mutual recognition of  curriculum syllabus, study leave and gender pay gap in medical field, were an indication that employers, the Health Education England and the Ministry of Health were very serious on the agreements reached with BMA in November, February and May.
A £ 2 medication per day can reduce the risk of heart attack
Relevant officials suggested promotion of a kind of drug worthing 2 dollars to more patients and extension of medication time, after which thousands of heart disease patients would benefit from this drug.
Antithrombotic ticagrelor can reduce the risk of heart disease recurrence in patients with heart disease.
Taking this medication for 12 months after a heart attack can reduce the risk of stroke or another heart attack.
The National Institutes of Health and Clinical Optimization (NICE) advises patients to stay on medication for four years to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease.
But now, NHS inspection agency NICE recommends patience keep taking this medicine for four years in order to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease.
In England, about 140,000 people  suffer from heart disease each year, and a quarter of them run into a recurrence of the heart disease or a stroke.
Heart attack and stroke are caused by the formation of plaque in the arterial wall.
If the plaque is broken, it will lead to thrombosis and thus impede flow of blood into the heart, leading to heart attack.
If the thrombus moves, it will enter the bloodstream and hinder blood from flowing into the brain, leading to a stroke.
Those who have experienced a heart attack have a higher risk that heart attack happens again.
Tekagrad was manufactured by British company AstraZeneca, sold under the trade name Brilique, and reduces the risk of thrombosis by reducing thrombus formation.
The draft NICE guidance, published today, recommends that patient be given 90mg of Ticagrelor for 12 months, followed by 60mg along with aspirin twice a day for another three years.
Professor Carole Longson, director at the NICE health technology evaluation center, said: "Despite the availability of effective secondary prevention treatments, as many as a quarter of people who have had a heart attack go on to have another heart attack or stroke, often with devastating consequences.""
Fear of recurrence was negatively related to quality of a person's life.
Evidence suggests that taking ticagrel alongside with aspirin can reduce the risk of heart disease recurrence and stroke in those who have undergone heart attacks.
We are very pleased that Tempel's provisional recommendation will provide more treatment options for thousands of people who will benefit from it.
Due to limited information on the efficacy and safety of Ticagrelor beyond three years, particularly the risk of bleeding,  the draft guideline does not recommend continued treatment with it beyond that period.
Computer culture makes "voting fraud" prevailing in Muslim communities
Ex-Tower Hamlets mayor Lutfur Rahman was removed from office last year after being found of guilty of corruption, motivating the issue of a government report.
The "political correctness" culture has led to widespread electoral fraud in the Muslim community, which has been revealed today by the report of the government.
Former Cabinet Minister Sir Eric Pickles accused the police, the Electoral Commission and the City Hall of turning a blind eye to the evidence of corrupt electoral practices because of "over-sensitivity about ethnicity and religion".
The former communities secretary, now the anti-corruption tsar, said the intimidation of voters on religious grounds was so bad that police should be allowed to put cordons outside polling stations to protect frightened voters.
He suggested that the voters should carry their identity documents in order to verify their identities.
At present, voters only need to report their name and address.
The report even suggested that ink that cannot be erased be painted on the finger of each voter, to prevent someone from voting twice.
Sir Eric said that the protection efforts on whistle blowers should be increased.
He calls for the media to be given greater access to council papers and decisions made by unofficial committees or working groups.
"This is not just to prevent election fraud but also to protect the local government from widespread corruption culture and the financial fraud that is closely linked to it”,  he said.
The report was ordered by Downing Street in the wake of the Tower Hamlets voting scandal in East London.
Last year, a special electoral court ruled that there was a series of corrupt and illegal acts in Mayor Rahman, who should be dismissed.
The court found that Rahman ‘cynically perverted’ the religious feeling of his Muslim community in the area and silenced his critics with accusations of racism and Islamophobia.
Rahman, it was said, 'ran his campaign on the basis that it was the religious duty of faithful Muslims to vote for him'. "
As many as 300 votes is in question, it is likely caused by voters counterfeited others and casted their votes.
Sir Eric said there was evidence of voter fraud across the country.
He voiced particular alarm about postal voting fraud, in which senior members of the Muslim community were said to have exerted pressure on people to vote for a candidate of their choosing.
Sir Eric (in photo) made a good deal of suggestions on how to clean up the voting mechanism,  which includes bringing valid identity document to confirm identity.
His report says: "Evidence suggested that pressure was being put on vulnerable members of some ethnic minority communities, particularly women and young people, to vote according to the will of the elders, especially in communities of Pakistani and Bangladeshi background.""
"Because of the over-sensitivity to the 'political correctness' of racial and religious harmony, they fear that national institutions will turn a blind eye to such behavior."
Sir Eric presented 50 proposals to clean up the electoral system, including the prohibition of political activists in handling mailing papers to prevent "voting gains".
The report also requires thorough investigation of registration information to prevent voter lists from being used for immigration and welfare fraud.Theresa May is also considering the report.
These proposals include requiring voters to present their proof of identity before casting a ballot.
After the voter has voted, his or her  finger is painted with ink that can not be wiped to prevent someone from voting twice.
Carry out systematic checks on a person's nationality to ensure they are eligible to vote.
The validity period for postal voting request is set to be three years.
Ban political campaigners and activists from handling completed postal votes and postal vote envelopes.
The police has been authorized to cordon off the polling stations.
The amended legal provisions make it easier to sue someone under the "Representation of the People Act 1983".
Make it illegal to take pictures in polling stations.
Make it a requirement that only English is to be used in polling stations (except in Wales).
Strengthen training to ensure staff enforce the rule that "voters go to the booth alone".
Sir Eric denounced the Metropolitan Police, saying that they did not raise any charges of allegations after the Tower Hamlets incident, which was "surprising".
“Rahman and his electoral officers have committed a lot of corruption and illegal acts and have been disqualified by the electoral tribunal, " he said.
In accordance with the standard of criminal certification, he is undoubtedly guilty in many aspects.
He also criticizes the ineffectual 'tick-box inspections' of the voter registrar's office in city hall.
Sir Eric said: "Last year the court's decision on Tower Hamlets sounded the alarm for everyone."
Our country has a glorious tradition of "the mother of parliament", but some institutions' sneaky election fraud and the subsequent denial is really worrying and threatening this good reputation.
At the Rio Olympic Games, athletes that look like celebrities such as the biker who resembles Princess Kate are sought after
Fans of the Rio 2016 Olympics this week have gone wild for French cyclist Pauline Ferrand-Prevot, who has proven an impressive lookalike for the Duchess of Cambridge.
But the 24-year-old Olympian is far from being the only athlete out fighting for gold this summer that boasts a striking resemblance to a celebrity - at least not according to social media.
So, to commemorate the Rio Olympic Games and all the celebrities appeared on the screen, FEMAIL sorted out a list of Olympic players who look like Hollywood celebrities.
The hunter and the wolf: US Men's Archery Team member Brady Ellison (left), has been compared to Leonardo DiCaprio since he was a child
Besides Kate's doppelganger on the cycling track, many people online have been quick to point out how a certain archer could be the twin of A-lister Leonardo DiCaprio.
Since his resemblance to the Wolf of Wall Street star got exposed on Twitter, American men's archery team member Brady Ellison caused a huge stir in social media.
In fact, the archery player was aware of the social media speculation and admit that people have been saying that he looks like Leonardo DiCaprio.
"I think besides the beard, it doesn't look the same," Brady said to the Huffington Post.
"He is a handsome playboy, so I think this is a compliment to me"
One of the most popular comparisons at the 2012 London Olympic Games this year will undoubtedly have more similarities to be discovered: British long jumper Greg Rutherford (Greg Rutherford) looks a very famous actor Neil Patrick Harris (Neil Patrick Harris).
Russian gymnast Aliya Mustafina, with her large, expressive eyes, has been said to be a dead ringer for Cuban-American singer Gloria Estefan.
In the swimming arena, South African swimmer Cameron van der Burgh has always been compared with Matthew Morrison, who starred in Glee.
Changing it up: This user reckons that Nathan is an 'athletic version' of the Inception actor
Another long-running comparison has been between tennis star Rafael Nadal and actor Josh Hartnett who boast a very similar heavy brow and lips.
Silver medal swimmer Russia's Yulia Efimova boasts more than just the same sunkissed skin and blond hair as actress Annalynne McCord, while Team USA's Nathan Adrian has been said by fans to resemble an 'athletic version of Joseph Gorgon Levitt.'
Tomboy: soccer star Hope Solo (left) and "Dexter" star Jennifer Carpenter (right) bear a similar face and eyes
Not the only one: a Twitter user was happy that others also noticed the resemblance.
Diffusion theory: According to this certain user, there may be a reason why the pair resemble each other.
One Twitter user took to the site recently to declare her happiness that "the rest of the Internet users think that Hope Solo and Jennifer Carpenter are actually identical.""
Indeed, the American football star and the actor who starred in "Dexter" have a very high similarity on the facial form and eyes.
Other popular contrasts include Kerri Walsh Jennings, whose smile is almost exactly the same as the actress Laura Linney; and the gold medalist, Gabby Douglas, her beautiful and splendid smile is exactly the same as the smile of the Bring It On star Gabrielle Union.
The CBC Olympic commentator apologized for commenting Chinese swimmers as "slow as a pig".
Byron MacDonald’s comments of 14-year-old Yanhan Ai who finished fourth place at the women’s 4x200m freestyle relay has outraged viewers of CBC’s live Olympic coverage on Wednesday.
Canadian broadcaster CBC has been forced to apologize after one of its commentators said a 14-year-old female Chinese swimmer 'went out like stink' and 'died like a pig' during a race.
Thinking his mic was off, commentator Byron MacDonald started to dispense some of his opinions at the end of the women's 4x200m freestyle relay final.
CBC commentator Byron was heard saying in a biased tone: 'That little 14-year-old from Chinese girl dropped the ball."
Too excited, went out like stink, died like a pig
Really thanks to her.
The 14-year-old Chinese swimmer, Ai Yan, who swam the second leg of the relay, used 1 minute 57 seconds 79 - lagging behind Taylor Ruck in Canada for 1.61 seconds, allowing the Canadian team to narrow the gap with China.
Viewers across Canada were quick to react on-line after being shocked by the tone and the language used by the commentator.
Emmett Macfarlane tweeted: "The CBC commentator says China's 14-year-old swimmer 'is as slow as a pig'??? "
The idiot did not realize he was on the air.
Yanhan Ai, the young Chinese swimmer in the Women's 4x200 Freestyle Relay Final, was depicted as, "That 14-year-old girl from China dropped the ball." "
Twitter's criticism of Byron MacDonald was overwhelmingly high on Twitter, and many asked to him to withdraw from it and explain.
When Twitter users heard that Byron MacDonald was unresponsive on the issue, they did not stop there.
Another Twitter user, Sarah Paradis, wrote: "Wow # Byron Macdonald.
You represent CBC and Canada, and your words and deeds make us all look like a group of racists.# Really annoying.
Soon after, Scott Russel, the broadcaster of BBC, apologized on-air for MacDonald's comment, saying: 'We apologize for the on-air comment made on a swimming performance. "
We're sorry for unfortunate choice of words. "
CBC apologized more than 90 times to Twitter users who responded to this comment.
Another commentator, Scott Russel, also apologized on behalf of Byron
CBC then copied and pasted their apology to more than 90 other Twitter users who complained about Byron's comments.
The network soon made an apology and released a statement.
We're very  sorry for broadcasting the choice of words.
Last night, we took action quickly to apologize to our viewers who watched our live and to people who subscribed on social media.
To be clear, Byron's comments were related to the swimmer's performance, not to her as an individual.
That is, the wording is really inappropriate, Byron was deeply sorry about this.
On Thursday afternoon, MacDonald apologized on live radio, saying that his words did not mean to personally attack anyone in the slightest, and tried to excuse himself from his words.
'I would like to take a moment to apologize for a comment that I made last night after the women's relay,' he said on CBC's Olympic broadcast.
"I just commented on the performance of the swimmer, not against his individual."
"Of course, I have no intention of any disrespect, I am sorry."
Primark shopper was outraged at a woman who brazenly tried on underwear in the middle of the shop.
A woman took off her clothes to try on underwear in the middle of a Primark shop, customers in the store did not know where to look.
Even worse, she also looked at how she looked after wearing it, and then took off the underwear and put it back on the shelf.
She continued browsing and eventually tried on four pairs of underwear at the store in Bouverie Place shopping center, Folkestone.
The woman is constantly trying on underwears and putting them back in the shelves at the Primark store located at Bouverie Place shopping center in Folkestone.
A mother-of-two, Jenny Davidson, who was in the shop at the time, said that the mystery woman "got dressed again and walked out of the store without buying anything" after she tried on the underwear. "
She said: "No one could believe what they saw."
She just stood in the center of the shop, took a panty from the shelves, took off  her legging  and underwear, and then put on the new one.
"She did not try to find a secluded area to try on the clothes - she just stood there, which is really brazen of her."
"When she took off her underwear again, everyone was stunned.Obviously, she was still not satisfied as she put the underwear back on the shelf."
After that, she did the same with three more pairs before finally deciding there was nothing she liked and she got dressed again and walked out.
'She didn't seem to care who was watching - or think about the person who would eventually buy the knickers she'd been trying on.'“
Ms Davidson, 33, who lives in the Kent town, said: 'How disgusting to think someone is going to take home knickers that another person has been wearing and they haven't been cleaned.'"
This incident happened on Tuesday afternoon.
Ms Davidson added: "the staff apparently tried to remove the garments from sale after she had left, which is just as well."
"I hate getting a new underwear but  later finding out at home that it had been tried on by another woman and had not been washed."
A Primark spokesman said: "Primark has already known what happened in our Folkestone store on August 9th (Tuesday)."
All items in question have been pulled from shelves.
How to use krev Maga to protect yourself in a gun attack.
This world is very dangerous, but these videos on Dailymail.com may give you a little sense of security.
We sought advice from Rhon Mizrachi, New York-based grandmaster of the Krav Maga Federation, to find out how to deal with gun-toting muggers at close range.
Whether he approaches you from the front or behind, this video will teach you how to turn the tables.
If the gunman approached you from behind,  the first thing to do is turn around, so that you can see your attacker and 'clear the line of fire', Mizrachi says.
Then, grip the gun with your forearm and shoulder, and then use your elbow to hit the attacker's face.
A knee to the groin follows, and while the attacker doubles up in pain, you twist the gun from his hands, smack him in the face with the barrel and back up, keeping the weapon trained on him.
For gunmen approaching from the front, it's a similar technique. Get your body out of the line of fire, grab the gun and twist it around so the villain can't fire.
At the same time,  put weight on the gun and hit the attacker's chest, then twist the gun from his grip and point the muzzle at him.
It sounds complicated?
Check the video and see how Mizrachi did it.
But keep in mind that if you are not a master of Maga, the safest way to get rid of robbery is to hand over cash.
Family of yobs destroyed Saltash, Cornwall council house ahead of being evicted.
A family of rogues left their council house with £50,000 worth of damage after they were evicted for terrorizing their neighbors.
After a long list of complaints, Tanya Skeldon and her husband Shaun Trebilcock were driven out of the low-rent housing in Soltas, Cornwall.
After being forced to leave the residence, the Housing Association officials were surprised to find that the place had been severely ruined.
The walls were full of holes, the floor was torn, garbage was here and there,  and there were scribbles  all over the walls.
The family has been changing their residence after they were expelled, and it's said that they live in a private house now.
Donna McEvoy, housing manager at Cornwall Housing, said she feared it might be beyond saving.
She said: "For those who are living here, it's a nightmare. I do not think people should have to live in this way."
There are a lot of things to be weighed up because the house is likely to become not  so good an element in Cornwall.
This family is notorious and their names are also notorious.
The couple have three sons, and they will stay here from time to time.The police say the reign of terror the family inflicted included fighting in the street with baseball bats, intimidating nearby residents, drug use, drug dealing and excessive shouting, arguing and swearing.
Skeldon, 47, whose name was on the tenancy, was given an antisocial behaviour order in June.
Old rubbish was found in a number of the rooms of the house, which may be demolished.
Floor boards had been pulled up in the property, from which drugs had been dealt in the past
Neighbors said that they often saw them fighting on the streets, and often reported to the police regarding it.
The Cornwall Housing Association evicted her and her husband this week after giving them an 11-week extension for voluntary move out.
The relieved neighbors cheered, saying that they were like living in hell before.
A neighbor said: "They do not care about anyone."
We stayed for 20 years in their next door, and it has been so bad.
We have seen the police at the place countless times.
"This morning, we could not sleep.""
We got up really early, because it was too quiet here - we're still not used to it!
They are finally gone, which is really good.
Adam Fitzpatrick, Cornwall Housing's neighbourhood enforcement manager, said the family failed to cooperate with the local authority.
The family lived in the house for 20 years, and the police often visited
Garbage and old toys are thrown aside in the weeds of the low-rent housing
He added: "Unfortunately, the tenant did not take any responsibility for her behaviors and her family's, and the expulsion was the final decision of the Cornwall Housing Association."
This is a very difficult case to deal with because their behaviors were very extreme, and their actions must have been very terrifying to their neighbors.
I would like to thank my team for their work, my thanks also go to Devon and Cornwall Police and to those brave community members who provide information to us.
I hope that this move will give some comfort to the neighbors and sends out a message that antisocial behavior will not be tolerated.
Mr. Fitzpatrick said that their three boys had lived in this house at different times, but said they were only in their 20s at that time.
A dirty mattress left on the floor of one of the bedrooms in the house after they were evicted.
Housing Association workers will soon clean up the rubbish around the house
In 2014, the police raided the house and discovered more than 70 grams of marijuana. They also found a balance, drug paraphernalia, and £ 1,700 in cash.
Skeldon was fined after pleading guilty to possession of a Class B drug with intent to supply.
She claimed the money was going towards a headstone for her son, Lee Skeldon, who died in a car crash in 2013.
After being made homeless, it is understood that Tanya and her partner are now living in private housing in Plymouth.
Graffiti was scrawled across walls of many rooms in this property.
The police said they would evict tenants who defied the tenants' rules.
Angela Crow, of Devon and Cornwall Police, said the eviction sent a clear warning to other tenants who continue to flout the rules.
"This warning is aimed at those who think that their behavior will not be accused, and those who suffer from this behavior, " she said.
Devon County and Cornwall Police will never tolerate crime and antisocial behaviors, and they will continue to work together to protect our communities.
Reed: if Hillary was elected as president she would nominate Garland as Supreme Court judge.
Senate Democrat Harry Reid said he was convinced that if Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton was elected president, she would nominate Judge Garrick to join the Supreme Court.
Senator Republicans have been preventing the confirmation Barnard's nomination of Garland since March.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said the next president would appoint this person to succeed the late Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia.
At a conference call on Thursday, Reed said he predicted that Hillary would have chosen Garland, who  has "some credibility".
A spokeswoman for Reed then said that Reed was not going to nominate Garland to speak directly with Hillary, and said he was just guessing.
He praised Garland and said Hillary’s team would not want to “rock the boat” with a new candidate.
Garland is the chief judge of the Federal Circuit Court of Appeals in the District of Columbia.
Reid said that the Republicans who had been prevented from Garland's nomination were Donald Trump, the Republican presidential candidate, and "Achievement".
He said Trump was not suitable to be president.
"Treats": nude calendar "both men and women love"
"Treats" magazine together with photographer David Bellemere, will shoot for a 2017 photographic calendar, with inspiration from the classic Pirelli calendar of 1970's.
This time, they are planning to find a new generation of top models for their 2017 NU Muses calendar instead of famous naked people.
Steve Shaw, president of Treats, said earlier this year that their nude-heavy magazine was different from the old-fashioned Playboy because "the latter was for men."
And we are targeting at women.
Obviously, he thinks this group of calendars is the same.
"We need to get back to showcasing timeless and classic nudity where both women and men feel comfortable and inspired by these images, " Shaw said in a press release announcing the calendar.
Women will be happy to participate in this shooting activity because it is a beautiful artwork.
Models can submit online applications, but also personally go to Los Angeles and New York's open recruitment site candidates.
Video report shows: The Greenland shark is the longest living vertebrate
Scientists say the Greenland shark is the longest-lived vertebrate on Earth.
Julius Nielsen, who has been studying sharks, says that according to the records, a female sleeper shark is between 272 and 512 years old,  and is five meters long.
The French court dismissed the petition to dismantle the shop in the jungle refugee camp
A French court dismissed the petition of the Calais government on dismantling dozens of temporary shops and restaurants in the "jungle" camp.The refugee camp currently houses thousands of refugees.
At a court hearing this week, Calais authorities had argued the state should be able to knock down a total of 72 makeshift shops.People sell goods  in shops in the camp, from cigarettes to energy drinks, offer haircuts, or sell tea for 50 cents (40p) or basic meals for a few euros in makeshift restaurants.
The Calais prefect’s office argued the places should be demolished because they represented a parallel economy that didn't pay tax and they carried fire and sanitation risks.
Humanitarian groups expressed the importance of these shops and restaurants to the court, this is because the free food provided by state-supported associations and other groups simply cannot meet the growing needs of refugee camps.
They said the makeshift shops and restaurants often provided shelter and free meals to those in need.
A Lille court ruled there was no legal basis for expelling the people running the 72 makeshift shops, but said the Calais prefect’s concerns “were totally understandable”.
The judge, Jean-François Molla, said the groceries, cafes and restaurants played a much bigger role than simply feeding people that “live in extremely precarious conditions”.
He said that these places are a peaceful place of meeting for refugees and volunteers.
One of the places that had been under threat from demolition was the camp’s "Jungle Book Kids’ Cafe" which is run not-for-profit and provides 200 meals a day, English and French classes, and asylum advice for the hundreds of vulnerable unaccompanied minors in the camp.
More than 170,000 people signed a petition to preserve this cafe.
One of the letters to Guardian mentioned that the closure of the cafe would be a catastrophe for these children (many of whom are only eight years old)."
Two charitable organizations, Help Refugees and L'Auberge des Migrants, estimated on Friday that the number of refugees in the jungle refugee camp has exceeded 9000, which is the highest level since the surge in the number.
"This 5,000 yuan funds help me solve my urgent issue."
Fen Zhou, a girl  from a impoverished household in Mipo village, Changle town, Huayuan County, received a admission letter to the University of South China.
While she was worried about the cost of admission, on August 9, the county party committee gave her 5,000 yuan in subsidy just in time.
In recent days, the relevant departments of the county have given 2.838 million yuan in funding to more than 690 poor students.
At the same time, for students from extreme low-income household, the State will help them finish their study through encouraging both social organizations and individuals to donate for education.
This year, Huayuan integrated more than 18.5 million yuan of student funding and more than 2.5 million of self-financing fund. The financial sector will bank it into the real name bank cards of the poor students.
She said with gratitude: "I thought that after my father died, my brother and I would not be able to attend university. I did not expect the county to solve the difficulties in time for us."
As of August 8, Huaguan has actually provided a variety of relief funds totaling more than 210 million yuan for 13,140 poor students in the first half of this year.
All the poor students in this county achieved help.
The reporter saw on the scene that a large container truck front was moved to the fast track under the command of the traffic police.  The container fell down in the green belt and the road side had been smashed a pit with 2cm depth.
According to the Xinhua news agency, the government of New South Wales, Australia, announced on the 11th that it would spend $200 million Australian dollars (about $154 million US dollars) on the largest renovation on the famous Sydney Opera House since its establishment.
The New South Wales government says that the repair will not change the shell shape of the opera house.
The Sydney Opera House is one of Sydney's landmark buildings, it was designed by Danish architect Joann Utterson and built in 1973, with about 8 million visitors each year.
Rossi Jefferson, general manager of the Sydney Symphony Orchestra, believes that the Sydney Opera House will make a "turnaround" after this transformation and become "one of the best concert halls in the world".
Non-Beijing citizens who live in Beijing for more than six months and are eligible for one of the following three conditions: has a stable and legal employment in Beijing, has a legally stable accommodation, has a consecutive education,  can apply for a residence permit.
Recently, the Provisional Regulation on residence permit" was officially released,  meaning that "temporary residence permit" will be upgraded to "residence permit".
A representative from relevant departments states that the change from "temporary residence permits" to "residence permits" indicates from now on the management upon non-Beijing resident population leans on multi-aspect services instead of constraints.
Reporters learned today from the State Administration of Taxation, as of the end of June this year, the tax authorities have announced illegal tax "blacklist" cases of 2470 cases.
It is understood that in July 2014, the State Administration of Taxation in the central government departments first step forward, jointly issued the <major tax illegal information disclosure method> with the <tax credit management approach>.
Not only will the illegal facts, the legal basis, and the handling of punishment of these cases be published, but also the basic information of the illegal parties and relevant intermediaries will also be included in the “blacklist" and exposed in public.
Departments including Quality Assurance, Finance and Customs also took relevant punitive actions on the persons registered in the "blacklist".
"Credit regaining mechanism is a milestone as to the construction of tax credit system and the whole social credit system construction, marking the continuous development of our social credit system, getting sound and mature."
"Environmental problems displays itself in the atmosphere, water, soil pollution, but the root is still in the production of lifestyle."
For example, in 2015 the land development in Jiangsu Province reached 21%, which was highest in the autonomous region.
Therefore, the problem of high pollution, large energy consumption and much land occupation has not been fundamentally dealt with in the way of make a change on production and lifestyle.
On the one hand, basing on Jiangsu Province's creating effect of all levels and types of ecological environment, its absolute advantage should rank first in the country; but on the other hand, the resource's environment carried a huge  pressure.
Firmly promoting the ecological and environmental protection and governance requires fundamentally push the transformation of production and lifestyle, using ecological civilization  building to transform and facilitate people's livelihood.
on the 11th, 42 wind turbine blades made by China Guodian Corporation are on board  the ship, and ready to export to South Africa.
Since last year, China Guodian Corporation has exported a total of 163 sets of wind power projects to South Africa from Lianyungang port.
The third party company (non-Chinese company) commissioned by the Olympic Organizing Committee to make the flag is about 75 kilometers from São Paulo City in São Paulo, Brazil.
To urge the manufacturers to complete as soon as possible, the Chinese Consulate General in Sao Paulo organized professionals to rush the manufacturers, to do in-depth work.
After 30 hours of overtime, the manufacturers finally completed the production and transport of the Chinese flag, completing the task 4-5 working days early.
It is reported that the flag is expected to arrive in Rio on the 11th, the Olympic Organizing Committee will send it to the Olympic Games after the Olympic venues, the whole process will be under the supervision of the Chinese embassy in Brazil to complete.
It is reported that Nantong Municipal Government held a series of cooperation activities in Shanghai International Convention Center on 10th. More than 180 Shanghai enterprises were invited to participate and a lot of Shanghai docking projects with value of more than 20 billion yuan have been signed on site.
20 projects totaling  RMB 8. 063 billion were signed including various industries such as new energy, new materials, and modern service industry.
Qingdao is the country's 12th city and also the first city in Shandong Province to experiment with the cap-and-trade emissions trading system.
On 11th, several enterprise representatives went to the Qingdao Emissions Permit Trading Center to submit applications for pollutant emission permits and will pay charges once the applications are processed.
The upcoming deal first single also indicates that Qingdao emissions trading pilot officially kicked off, it will also be the province's emissions trading first single and the national city-level emissions trading first single.
On the morning of 11th, Zhao Xiuping, general manager of Qingdao Shuangtao Fine Chemical (Group) Co., Ltd., came to Qingdao Emission Trading Center to submit the emission rights subscription.
At the end of last year, this company completely shut down its plant located in the old city area of Qingdao and gave it an environmentally friendly relocation to a new site in Pingdu.
After Zhao Xiuping submitted the application form, the construction project environmental impact report and other materials, the Qingdao Municipal Emissions Reserve and Trading Service Center began to apply for materials for the first approval process.
According to collection standard determined by the price bureau and finance department of Qingdao, the initial emission fee is currently estimated at 641.2 thousand yuan.  The staff will  finish review within 7 working days.
The upcoming first single deal also indicates that Qingdao emissions trading pilot project officially kicks off. It will also be the first single deal for province's emissions trading and the national city-level emissions trading.
Zhao Xiuping said that currently 400 million has been invested on environmental protection,  it looks huge, but it has a great impact on the business management philosophy, society benefits, it also explored a space for enterprise innovation management.
On the same day, Qingdao Sifang-Xincheng-Zhizhuo Bus Component Co., Ltd. also came to buy pollutant emission permit for its project with an annual production capacity of 4200 interior accessories for high-speed train and EMU.
The project belongs to a mechanical processing enterprise, the initial emission rate for the chemical oxygen demand (COD) 0.514 tons/year, ammonia (NOX) 0.052 tons / year.
Air Pollutant Emission Permits paid use and trading for the city's electricity, heat production and supply of key industrial enterprises.
The companies certified before January 1, 2016 are exempted from the levied charges.
"Paid access to emissions is not equal to the power dump illegal sewage, and can not be free to discharge pollutants."
Qingdao Environmental Protection Bureau deputy director Hongyan  Han explains that illegal sewage and excessive sewage are still subject to punishment according to relevant laws and regulations,  and it is impossible for illegal enterprises to dodge consequence through the purchase of pollutant emission permits.
In other words, we must crack down on environmental violations and severely punish the corporate organizations for their excessive sewage behavior, through the use of legal means, to protect the environment and public health.
Now for their own interests, enterprises will improve the enthusiasm of pollution control, cherish the limited emissions, reducing pollutant emissions.
With the economic interests as a motive, reducing pollutant emissions changed from the government's mandatory behavior into a conscious market behavior, to truly protect the environment, protect the natural and protect the public health purposes.
Emission right, also known as "discharge right", is the right to emit pollutants, which means within the quota allocated by the government,  according to law, the emitter has right to discharge pollutants into the environment .
This right is essentially that the polluter occupy, use and benefit the environmental capacity of the resource.
The next step, under the premise that the total discharge of pollutants does not exceed the allowable emissions, internal sources of pollution through the currency exchange between the way the amount of discharge.
Since emissions trading was put forth by an American economist Dyers in 1968, the US applied it to the atmosphere and river pollution management from the 1970s.
Since 2017, China has started in 14 pilot areas to carry out the pilot project, which is now totally promoted in  Zhejiang, Jiangsu and other provinces (cities or regions).
According to the statement from the Russian Ministry of Defense, in order to assist the six strategic bombers' strikes on ISIS targets in Syria,  a number of Russian fighter aircrafts took off from the Khmeimim Air Force base  in Syria to provide support and cover to the strategic bombers.
On February 22 this year, United States and Russia reached a ceasefire agreement on the Syrian conflict, The agreement shall become effective on the 27th.
Under the agreement, the ceasefire does not include the military strikes against terrorist organizations  determined by the UN Security Council, such as  "ISIS", "Jabhat Fateh al-Sham" and so on.
Russia will continue to build the relevant military infrastructure in the base, so living conditions of the Russian Military will be guaranteed accordingly.
He also added that if  we don't crack down the  extremist forces, these forces will extend to Russia.
Although Russia and the West did not reach an agreement on the common fight against extremist forces, Russia would strengthen cooperation with Syria, Iran and Iraq in this area.
In September 2015, Russia, at the invitation of the Syrian government, began a military strike against Syrian extremist forces.
On March 15 this year, Russia's main military force in Syria began to withdraw, but the Russian side promised to continue to retain the air station in Heimam and naval base in Tartus .
In the old house and the success of the rural case, He Pei is a good example: a century old house, that also has a story to tell about the heritage of the land.
Today, an average of 10 million people each year flock to Zhushan, whether it is to bring a variety of ideas, or to seek inner peace.
In fact, the country and the city should be accompanied by each other, just like the relationship between mother and child. There should be no arguments about  who is stronger or weaker, who should be in the domination. It should be a warm connection.
There is no fixed pattern for rural development, but relying on the villages to develop by themselves is difficult, the most important thing is to let the right people go to the villages.
Shanghai Songjiang District traffic control department recently used electronic police to settle drivers who drive while using their phone, seizing more than 30 cases in one week.
With the popularity of smart phones, mobile phones have brought more and more fun. Browsing WeChat, posting on Weibo and even playing games and shopping Taobao have become routine. It seems that many people cannot live without a  mobile phone, even when they are driving.
The Road Traffic Safety Act strictly prohibits the use of mobile phones while driving, as it “prevents safe driving behavior”.
Unfortunately, due to the big number of violators and difficulty to collect evidence, such kind of behavior has not been punished and the regulations of law are useless.
If the traffic control department can be determined to “declare war" to the behavior of playing mobile phones while driving and make a normalized measure, this type of illegal behavior will be stopped.
Be strict with the management of household registration, create electronic and paper files for people without registration, and ensure the files are complete and valid.
The public security organ shall promptly inform the relevant departments of the situation about non-registered person applying for household registration
The policies that are inconsistent with the spirit of this implementation will be subject to a centralized cleanup. They should either be revised carefully or abolished if needed.
In the collectively owned big greenhouse of Donglin Village in Taicang City,  48-year-old Wang Xuefen was leading the workers to apply pesticides to the pear trees.
It just needs 12 workers and 1 technical engineer to manage 150 acres of orchards and more than 10 species of trees in the village.
Last year, 50,000 dollars total, for my age, if I work at the factory I certainly can not get the money.
Last year, Donglin village grossed 22 million yuan in village-level income, with agricultural total income accounting for nearly half of VLI.
According to Su Qifang, the village secretary, per capita land cultivation area is increasing every year. It is now over 100 Chinese acres from the initial 50 Chinese acres.  The revenue per acre increases yearly and the income of professional farmers also have room for growth year over year.
Quantify the share of each villager.  The hightlight of the southern Jiangsu village's collective economy reform lies in understanding property right of the  village's collective business assets and exploring separate politics and economics.
On July 2015, Wuxi Xishan District Anzhen street 14 rural economic cooperation organizations and the village committee will start to use “sub-account management", the village committee will manage rural public affairs, while the cooperative organizations are mainly engaged in business.
Two institutions with two  accounts are not mutually "affiliated", which prevents village cadres from involving in collective asset management, which incurs corruption.
Zhu Baoping, deputy director of the Jiangsu Provincial Agriculture Committee, said that Jiangsu will then  continue to promote the reform of community-based share-holding cooperation and encourage farmers to jointly develop and establish a village-level democratic power operation mechanism.
Zhu Baoping: move the reform further forward; engage in community shares cooperation;  quantify the assets to the members and to the farmers; and forms the clear property rights.
Through the Internet +, implemented his right to know, the right to participate in decision-making and the right of democratic management to supervise the implementation of the three rights to farmers, it does make it into a standardized mechanism of cooperation.
Presently in southern Jiangsu Province,  there are mainly four developing modes in the new collective economy, namely asset-leasing mode, enterprise-shareholding mode, agricultural development mode and joint development mode.
According the information, the overseas exhibitions  will become an important platform to push "The Belt and Road" construction in  ZheJiang Province.
The success of these overseas exhibitions has contributed valuable experience and laid a solid foundation for continuing to explore emerging markets along the roadmap of "the Belt and Road Initiatives."
Peak will always be focused on improving consumer's need for exercise, building a sports ecosystem and facilitating the strategic upgrade to professional sports service enterprises that single sporting goods manufacturing enterprises deploy.
Hamir also says that 34 injured people, including three slightly-injured fire officers who have discharged, have been sent to the hospital.
As some tenants were still missing, he called on residents of the building that caught fire to contact the authorities.
It is reported that Mariana Turay, who has lived in the apartment complex for 30 years, said: "It was just like a bomb fell."
It is reported that the local fire brigade spent 1 hour and 45 minutes to extinguish the fire, residents of nearby buildings were allowed to return to residence in a few hours.
US Red Cross staff estimates that about 100 people are homeless, of which 60 to 70 people, mostly Hispanic residents, stay in the shelter in the center of the neighborhood nearby.
On August 11, the first Jinzhou Wetland Tourism Festival  was inaugurated at "Crane Lake" of Jinzhou Oriental Huadi City .
From 2014 onwards, revenue created by the tourism industry accounted for 10% of Jinzhou's GDP, up to 11.3% in 2015.
East China City Wetland Hot Spring tourist area, located in Linghai Dayou economic zone, No. 1  Linghai segment, Binhai Road, 70 km from Jinzhou City, 50 km from Linghai City, and 70 km from Panjin City.
Within this tourist attraction, there is a 3000 square meters indoor spa area along with a outdoor spa area of 4600 square meters.
Xiamen girl Zhang Binbin: The lady with "beautiful hands" started her shooting career with several "backfires".
Zhang Donghong, who is living in Dongyuancun, Xiang'an district of Xiamen, just replaced a 29-inch old TV at home with a big 65-inch one few days ago.
Zhang Binbin, daughter of an ordinary farmer, gains the silver medal in women's 50 meters rifle three post final of Rio Olympic for China at 11th evening.
On the night of 11th,  right in front of this new TV set, Mr. and Mrs. Zhang, along with dozens of relatives and close friends, witnessed the entire thrilling course of their daughter, from almost being disqualified at the preliminaries, to make her way up all along, till the almost successful turnaround at the end.
In the game during the day, Zhang Binbin was ranked in the middle and lower ranks, it seems that the distance to the finals is very far away.
But his parents and friends did not give up, kept freshing the text broadcast, they saw that as the other players finished, Zhang Binbin upgraded his ranking and ultimately lock the final seat, his home broke out a burst of cheers.
In the final, Zhang Binbin ranked lower on the ranking, but the last few guns were more stable, but she won the silver medal by 0.2 ring behind the champion.
27-year-old Zhang Binbin, in her 16 years of shooting career, have almost missed this hard-won silver medal a few times.
His mother Zhang Xiaolong told reporters that when they were hesitating, Zhang Binbin got  some "lobbyists" from the same village.
These “novelists" were the village children who were recommended to participate in training at the same time, including Zhang Binbin's cousin.
Just after entering Xiamen team, because of family financial issues and other reasons, Zhang Binbin once again return to Xiangan school initially.
But after her first coach Zhang Yajie's repeated attempts, Zhang Binbin returned to the Xiamen team.
After admitted to the provincial team, Zhang Binbin once left and went back home because she waited for a long time for the national team to accept her until she could not see any chance.
This time, not only Coach Zhang Yajie, but also the leaders and coaches of the Xiamen shooting archery sports center have come to her home, and finally persuaded Zhang Binbin to back to the provincial team.
Just like the game yesterday, this  Xiamen girl's insistence staged a series of reverses in her shooting career.
"Each coach uses a different method to pick their players, and when I saw Binbin has a pair of nice hands, I decided my choice."
As Zhang Donghong  recalled, although in the training test, his daughter's performance was not the best, the number of ring she got was very stable, which was why Zhang Binbin  earned the coaches' high opinion.
In the course of training Zhang Binbin Zhang Yajie was  impressed with the farm girl's focus.
He recalled that more than a year after Zhang Binbin joined the Xiamen shooting team, the team carried out a practice where one had to stand holding the gun for half an hour without moving.
Zhang Xiaolong told reporters that her daughter has always been a quiet and well-behaved child, and that she loved painting and making toys herself since her childhood.
"I would make clothes at home, and mend patches here and there, Binbin will pick up the scraps and make her own dolls."
She said that her daughter often made handmade toys by sewing. Plus, she was very good at painting, so her dolls are as realistic as can be  from facial features to clothing.
As an athlete, Zhang Binbin and her family cannot meet up often since she can only go home on holidays, usually they stay in contact via phone calls.
Her parents says, no matter talking in person or over the phone, Zhang Binbin shares with them more about what make her happy instead of how tired she is.
They can't see their daughter usually, so the parents would carefully keep their daughter's childhood artworks and previous honors.
Zhang Xiaolong showed his daughter's cartoon drawings to the reporter and said, "she may have continued to paint if she did not become a shooting athlete."
There is a cabinet in the second floor living room, which is filled with badges, medals, and certificates awarded to Binbin Zhang.
Medals are neatly placed by Zhang Donghong, the certificate is unified into the folder,  "these honor are earned by Binbin's years of hard work, we cherished them very much.""
Recently, the Love & Filial Piety Foundation in Hebei Province sent condolence money in amount of RMB 16,000 to six no-parent families in Xiaozuo, Taitou, Guiquan and other villages in Jingxing town.
This is the foundation's another comforting action following the inspiration from its "finding disabled children and lonely old men in 7.19 floods" in society.
On 7.19 heavy rainfall caused damages to Hebei Province, resulting in flooding in some areas of the province, and the death and disappearance of citizens.
A good citizen nicknamed "old iron" accidentally passed away while volunteering in clearing away drainages in the community. He is survived by his 2-year-old child and a pregnant wife.  Everybody in the city was touched by his story.
August 4, Hebei Province Cixian fund staff and Hebei brand volunteers will come to the good "old iron's" home, and hand the 3200 yuan donation to the hands of "old iron's" family.
When Li Ye, the vice president of Branding Association, heard about the present situation of the "Old Iron" family, she immediately decided to organize a fundraising event among members to help the family to tide over their difficulties.
The Hebei Province Cixiao Fund, known as the Hebei Volunteer Service Foundation · Cixiao Fund, was initiated by the Hebei Brand Name Association Organizing Committee and established in August 2015.
According to the report of the Hong Kong "Oriental Daily" on August 12, the are three main problems in mainland China's diamond market, including exaggerating grade for higher price, rounding off diamond weight and no after-sales warranties.
Antwerp is one of the world's largest diamond trading centers, the diamond cutting technology of local artisans is famous around the world, all sale of diamonds go through rigorous identification, and are loved by mainland ladies.
"A small bag, holding in the palm of the hand, with a bunch of light weight diamonds, values nearly one million yuan." a participant in the oversea purchase of diamonds Aunt Liu, described her experience to the mainland media in June this year in Antwerp.
She said she hid the diamond in her lingerie and carried it for several days even when going to the bathroom and taking a bath and felt very nervous when walking and sleeping with it.
She said that the diamond bought in Antwerp, had a purchase price of about fifty thousand five thousand yuan per carat, while in Xiamen, the retail price of diamonds of the same quality is about 110,000 yuan.
She recently purchased at a price two percent higher diamonds, and sold them all, earning two hundred thousand dollars.
According to China customs requirements, diamond is not a commodity or necessity so it falls in the scope of goods and is needed to be declared during entry-exit inspection or will be classified as a contraband. If possible, the person will be jailed.
Foreign media reports, local time on the 10th, Downing Street reveals that British Prime Minister Theresa Mei will go to Switzerland for her summer holiday,  but no details of the exact venues in Switzerland  is given.
According to some media, it was kind of symbolic that the new British Prime Minister chose to spend the vacation in the "neutral country," Swiss on European continent, after the British referendum off Europe.
The British <Guardian> commented that the symbolic character represented by the neutrality of Switzerland played a role in the choice of the British Prime Minister's first resort.
British "Daily Telegraph" commented that, Theresa May chose to take a vacation in Switzerland, that was the first time a British Prime Minister went to Swiss for a vacation after Margaret Thatcher.
The two female prime ministers' choices form a contrast to that of male prime ministers Blair and Cameron  who like to go on holiday in hotter places.
It is reported that the new British Prime Minister Teresa Mei will return to London on August 24 and that then she will be facing a series of important works and activities.
The British Parliament will resume on September 5, the subject to be discussed includes the request raised from the Internet to hold the second referendum on the issue of Withdrawal of the United Kingdom from the European Union.
On June 23, the British voted in the referendum to leave the EU, but the new British prime minister did not want to initiate Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty, which talks about members wishing to leave the EU, before the end of the year.
Huangshan City now has1325 Intangible Cultural Heritage items with the number and quantity topping all provinces.
As the emblem culture non-genetic inheritance mainly relies on oral transmission, many non-heritage information gets lost, thus the use of digital technology preservation and protection is imperative.
According to the work arrangements of the Standing Committee of the Provincial People's Congress this year,  the Standing Committee plans to hear the special work report, and carry out the special inquires on the implementation of banking supervision and management law, and the development of local economy.
In mid-August, the Standing Committee will organize two research groups to conduct research in some cities  in preparation for the special inquiry.
Jianhui Hua pointed out that the Standing Committee of  Provincial People's Congress will listen to and review the special work report regarding vertical management, and carry out targeted inquiries, which is a first in our province and an active exploration in strengthening and expanding the supervision of the People's Congress.
In the exercise director department in Kashi, Xinjiang, with the head director's order, the armed police in Kashi, Hotan, Aksu, three forces move quickly in accordance with the instructions, implementing maneuvers, and start to re-enact a battlefield.
China's Mars plan is coming.
China's Mars exploration mission has to achieve surround, landing, patrol, this form has never been done in foreign countries.
The goal of China's Mars probe is to achieve orbiting, landing and roving exploration at the same time, and the difficulties are tremendous.
Because an optimal time window for sending spacecraft to Mars occurs once every 26 months, experts are closely working on a plan to launch our first Mars probe during the 2020 launch window.
According to Xu Dazhe, although China's spacecraft have entered deep space, completion of the Mars exploration mission is still indispensable. The exploration of Mars will mean that China has truly entered the era of deep space exploration.
"Every two or three years, there is one chance that Mars is at its closest to Earth.  It is most energy-efficient for the carrier rocket to launch a Mars probe at this time window."
"Taking into account the quality of Mars detectors,  it is decided that Long March 5 Series Launch Vehicle will carry the launch task. "“
China aims to achieve three goals — orbiting, landing and roving exploration — at the same time during its first Mars exploration mission, which has never been done before by other countries. There has been one such attempt to achieve orbiting and landing but it failed.
Mars exploration involves a lot of technologies. The special thing is that although the rover is a space probe, it also has distinctive features compared to the usual space probe.
In other words, the Mars probe has to determine the driving route, and the ability to discover the risk of obstacles.
China Aerospace Science and Technology Group Fifth Group researcher Pang Zhihao said that the reason why human beings so favored for Mars exploration is because the detection of Mars has important scientific, technical and other aspects of significance, and even related to the future of mankind.
Up to now, Mars has become the best studied planet besides Earth, and the history of Mars exploration via space probes almost runs through the history of space exploration.
Therefore, the human beings hope that one day they can establish a base  on  Mars, and ultimately migrate to Mars, making it a second home for human beings.
A large number of signs also show that Mars was most likely to be the same as the current Earth in the past. It is only after billions of years of evolution that it has become to the current situation with thin atmosphere, low temperature, exhaustion of water source and so on.
Therefore, the detection or manned landing on Mars to study can help to prevent the Earth from turning into a second Mars that humans will have difficulty surviving on.
As of June 2016, the world had probed the Moon for 114 times and the Mars for 43 times in total.
However, the human has probed the Mars for 18 times in total, while the lunar for only 14 times, since the 1990s to the present.
There are currently five Mars orbiters and two Mars rovers at work, but only one lunar orbiter and one lunar lander at work.
The world's top space powers have developed a exploring plan with Mars system as the target, that offers you some clues that today's Mars exploration is still hotter than the Moon exploration.
On November 5, 2013, India launched its first Mars probe 'Mangalyaan', becoming the first country to successfully detect Mars in Asia.
"Mangalian" is used to study the surface of Mars, its atmosphere and its mineral characteristics, to explore whether there are signs of methane and life on Mars.
The most difficult part of the mission is that the probe has one and only one chance for profile launch parachute deceleration after it enters the Martian atmosphere.
According to the China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation head designer of the Mars probe Sun Zezhou, the Mars exploration task faces many technical challenges.
The atmospheric pressure at Mars is very low, only 1% of the Earth's surface atmospheric pressure, with high uncertainty.
Scientists have not thoroughly understood the factors such as its changes and the characteristics of the storm.
In the summer on Mars, it always forms a dust storm similar to dusty weather on earth, which will cause the amount of solar energy that the Mars rover can gain occurs a sharp decline, so the "sleeping" mode must be designed for the Mars rover, so that it can wait patiently until the end of a storm.
At the same time, the Martian atmosphere has a attenuating effect on the sun's light, which poses a problem for the energy supply for Mars exploration.
This requires the detector's solar panel to be larger and to be able to constantly strive to adjust its alignment toward the sun.
Besides, the surface gravity on Mars is only about 38% of  Earth's surface gravity, which is way heavier than that on moon, so the detector needs more power.
"The core task of this Mars exploration mission, which is also the most difficult point, is that after the probe getting into the Martian atmosphere,  the deceleration  process of  the aerodynamic shape and parachute only has one chance, it must ensure success at its first try."
Sun Zezhou said that because of the distance between the Earth and Mars, the whole process cannot be controlled by the ground at real time, so it must rely on the detector to complete by their own.
Because there is not so much propellant to offset the high speed, so when it lands on Mars, the slowdown process relies on the role of the Martian atmosphere, but the Martian atmosphere is difficult to simulate on the earth.
Pang Zhihao said, in general, the way to detect Mars and the way the moon is similar, but also "around, down, patrol, and back", and ultimately to achieve the goal of manned landing of Mars.
Since Mars is much more distant from the Earth than the Moon,  a number of complex technological hurdles have to be overcome before the actual Mars exploration .
According to Taiwan media reports, Taiwan's premier Lin Quan announced yesterday morning, "Handling regulations for  improperly obtained party assets  by political parties and their accompanying organizations" takes effective starting today.
KMT Vice Chairman Zhan QiXian said, "Kuomintang, with a hundred years of history, has social commitment and responsibility, it won't fall this easily."
Quan Lin underlined that political parties, collateral organizations or trustee who are in violations of the regulations, the Commission will investigate and punish  "according to the law".
Lin Quan also announced that Hong Pei-gen,  "Deputy Director of Agency Against Corruption", will serve as the candidate for vice chairman of Ill-gotten Party Assets committee.
He said that Gu Lixiong is the best candidate for the chairman of the Committee of improper party assets. Hong Peigen's  experiences on the relevant major cases will serve as the basis for the investigation of this case.
Zhan Qixian thinks that today as long as there are party properties, no one will give out social donations. If all the party properties were confiscated away, the Kuomintang could just ask for social support and sponsorship. He says, "today we can only have chance to request until we really have nothing. "
Zhan Qixian also stresses that even if Ill-gotten Party Asset comes into effect, KMT's asset will be confiscated and impounded. They will still donate the rest of their asset as promised, returning the asset to zero. The party will go from scratch.
Original title: "Hallway Doctor" Yuefeng Lan lost her first Defamation trail against CCTV host Zhian Wang.
Legal Evening News CCTV host Wang ZhiAn, on his Sina blog, published his views on the "corridor doctor", Lan Yuefeng took Wang Zhian and Beijing Weimeng Chuangke Network Technology Co., Ltd. to the court.
Yesterday afternoon, Haidian district court pronounced a judgment on the case.  The judgment was that Wang Zhian and the Microdreams did not commit infringement and dismissed all of Lan Yuefeng's claims.
At the beginning of 2014, CCTV reporter Wang ZhiAn found in a survey that despite media portrayal of Lan Yuefeng, who sat in the hospital corridor for more than 600 days, as a tragic hero suppressed by the system, these reports contain mostly false information.
March 29, 2014,  the program <Corridor Doctor> produced by CCTV News Survey was broadcast.
Lan Yuefeng to the media to report a variety of so-called over-medical information, there is no evidence to support.
Wang ZhiAn is also in the real-name certified Weibo list, described "The reason Lan Yuefeng got to this step is due to his character, which has a clear paranoid personality, etc ."
Yuefeng Lan demanded ZhiAn Wang to delete his microblog posts, to apologize and to pay 00,000 yuan in compensation for mental suffering.
At the time of the trial, both sides intensely debated over whether Wang Zhian infringed Lan Yuefeng's right of reputation.
12 days Highlight: the Chinese track and field team is busy at the start of the competition. Womens' soccer to aim for the final four. Hope for a break through
China is expected to achieve the gold medal zero breakthrough in Olympic cycling event, while the women's football team will challenge the two-time world champion German team, looking forward to forcing their way into the semi-finals.
Wang Zhen's performance in recent two seasons are outstanding. Last year, in the Beijing IAAF World Championships in Athletics, he won a silver medal. In May this year, he won the  individual champion in the group walking  race of the world championships.
According to foreign media reports, after winning the Olympic team gold medal，27-year-old Korean archery female player Hye-jin Chang take home gold medal in the Archery Women's Individual event and becomes a double gold medalist.
Zhang Huizhen was considered a talented player but who blossomed late. In the previous London Olympics, she regretfully did not qualify, but today she proudly stands at the highest podium in the Rio Olympics.
Hyejin Change beat German Lisa Unruh 6-2 and won Olympic gold medal in the women's individual archery finals at the Samba Boulevard in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
She first practiced archery in the 4th grade of primary school. Until she was 27-year-old in 2014, she  won the individual tournament gold medal in the World Cup for the first time; she made her name relatively late.
Zhang Huizhen recalled, "Before upper middle school there were no levels, so that there was no way to participate in the national competition.
Zhang Huizhen, who only came in fourth in the qualification for the London Olympic Games, lost the admission to the games, and could just sit and watch her colleague and good friend Qi Pubei win two gold medals.
After the awarding ceremony of the women's individual archery event, Zhang Huizhen talked about her thoughts on her gold medal, “I did my best to shot the arrow one after another until the last minute, which perhaps brings a good result. And I feel content.
28-year-old Korean archer Ki Bo-Bae won the bronze medal in the "women's individual" event at the London Olympic Games archery tournament.
Chifu lost to Zhang Huizhen in the semi-finals, and he will go against the Mexican player Alexandra in Bronze Medal match.
Qi Fu times to ensure that after the bronze medal after the bronze stadium, during which the burden of the burden of gold can be imagined.
First of all, the coaching staff has accumulated rich experience in the continuous research. Second, the  training methods are scientific.  These all need for long-term accumulation.
Archery team players learn how to focus and maintain a peaceful mind via special trainings like military training and nightly walks through the cemetery.
Although not yet confirmed, many sources have claimed that Apple's 2016 autumn conference will be held in September, iPhone7 is coming soon.
Although Apple did not respond, the information about the functions and configuration of the new iPhone has been released one after the other. The pictures of  "real machine model" of the iPhone 7 have even been posted online.
The most recent generation of iPhone can be described as "attention-grabbing", hot, hard-to-get, out of stock...... If you want to get your hands on one  ASAP, get yours through a good platform like Suning.
This makes people more disappointed at the new iPhone.  "It is lengthened, but can not be used to project holographic image!This generation of iPhone is terrible."
Just like the other iPhones, the iPhone 7 brings countless secrets before having  hit the market.
In addition, there are a number of sources claiming that a new generation of iPhone will cancel the 3.5mm headphone jack, instead, they will use the Bluetooth connection and charging interface, which will provide extra space for Apple to add a second speaker.
Another evidence to support this news is that in 2014, Apple had already allowed earphone manufacturers to produce earphone products that could be connected through the charging port.
True or false, we will not find out about the answers till the Apple's 2016 autumn conference.
But this does not prevent the professions in this industry being optimistic about the prospects of iPhone7 - many people think that iPhone7 will be likely to become the last major upgrade of  Apple's iPhone series.
Although the iPhone market share has declined, based on the data published by IDC, a market research firm, not long ago.
Among them, Goldman Sachs gave Apple's stock a buy rating, and BMO analysts contemplate that iPhone7 would power a historic high sales revenue.
At the same time, Broadcom's CEO Hock Tan also said that Apple's future revenue growth will likely be more than 20%, which is entirely due to the release of the iPhone 7.
7% of respondents said they were willing to buy the Iphone 7, and two years ago only 4% of  people surveyed planed to buy the Iphone 6.
It is reported that  20% of the iPhone 6 or the iPhone 6 Plus users plan to buy the iPhone 7, which is a very high proportion.
Second, according to expert analysis, most of the apple fans are likely to replace their own iPhone every other generation.
According to statistics, of all the iPhone users, about 26% of them have not changed their phones for 2 years. That is, almost 120 million users have been using the same iPhone  for 2 years.
Some media said, during the iPhone7 production period, Taiwan suffered several earthquakes, production facilities of TSMC suffered damage beyond the imagination, which may have an impact on the initial supply of iPhone7."
Supply and demand contradictions will affect the average user, it is time to choose a good channel, the first time to buy genuine iPhone7s at a low price.
According to informed sources,  the sole purpose of SuNing executives' frequent meeting with Apple top brass recently is to deliver ample supply.
Operators have reached consent with SuNing, so it is foreseeable that, with deep cooperation between the two sides, users definitely will enjoy lower prices and more considerate services.
"At the lowest price, a consumer may 'buy iPhone 7 by spending only 7 yuan per day'."
Ample supply and various discounts  makes iPhone7 purchase no more " stressing", and Suning's distributing system turns good feelings into great feelings.
You may receive a phone call at midnight and it may say, "Hello, this is Suning, your iPhone has arrived."
The organizers hope that the local people will gain more understanding of the long history of Chinese culture through the cultural relics exhibition, thereby enhancing the mutual understanding and friendship between the peoples of two countries.
Barcelona's "Ming Dynasty Heritage Exhibition" is part of its European tour, will be open until early October.
Yesterday, Huaxia Bank and Shanghai Pudong Development Bank released their semi-annual reports of the year 2016 separately, saying China Securities Finance Corporation Limited once again increased its holdings in them in the 2nd quarter.
Among them, CSF held Huaxia Bank's 2929.31 million shares. By the end of June, the number of shares of Huaxia Bank held by CSF has increased to 387 million shares and its proportion of shares has increased from 3.35% to 3.62%.
According to the estimates of China Merchants Securities, excluding the capital extension, China Securities Finance Corporation Limited will hold another 38 million shares of Shanghai Pudong Development Bank in the 2nd quarter,  increasing its shares to nearly 600 million shares, which is about 2.77% of the Shanghai Pudong Development Bank shares.
Recently, Tongxiang City, Zhejiang Province's Bang Bo Bo Park is officially open to the villagers and tourists.
The park consists of more than 100 small ponds, planting about 300 varieties of ornamental lotus, water lilies and so on.
Rural lotus industry provides ornamental, leisure and economic benefits, becoming the local new rural development highlight.
According to foreign media reports, due to diving pool water turning from blue to green, Rio Olympic "green pool" incident recently attracted much attention.
However, on the morning of the 10th, the water polo pool adjacent to the diving pool also  turned green.
An Australian water polo player has complained of stinging and teary eyes after the game.
Before that, the official staff of the Rio Olympic Games confirmed the situation of that the pool water had changed into green color, and said that the green color was resulted in due to weakened alkalinity, which would not affect the athletes' health.
However, Australian athletes said  their eyes felt tingling after wining a victory over Japanese team in the water polo pool.
Immediately after the diving pool turning green, the game organizers worked overtime on 9th evening trying to solve the problem of diving pool, but in the morning of 10th they found the waterpolo pool color was also rapidly changing.
During the competition between Australian team and the Japanese team, the environmental conditions of the water polo pond gradually deteriorated, but officials stressed that they recover the water quality of the two pools back to the original quality on the 11th.
"Yesterday afternoon, the water alkali level in the diving pool was first weakened, " said Mario Andrada, a spokesman for the Rio Olympic Games."
"We acquaint ourselves with a series of causes that might trigger water discoloration and the alkalinity of water."
The aquatics center runs a series of water quality tests, and hundreds of divers and swimmers used the swimming pool to ensure the water quality meet standards."
"These days we have been going  through the normal procedures, but we may have overlooked the impact caused by more athletes on water quality."
"But the change in water color certainly does not affect the health of the athletes."
"This independent team confirms our assessment and approves the measures we have taken to restore the pool to its normal color and proper chemical status."
"We had hoped that the swimming pool would be able to return to its original color in the morning, but its speed of recovery was affected by the rain."
According to Taiwan's "Central News Agency", last night inside a city jail in a suburb of the Great Manila area, a  warden was injured while ten inmates died in a explosion, including two Chinese.
ABS-CBN reported that the incident occurred at about 9:00 pm last night at Paranaque City Jail, but the police did not come up with a initial report until 2:00 am today.
Police said the 10 prisoners asked to see the warden, and complained about matters concerning the transfer of prison, but the two sides did not agree with one another, and then the prisoners threw grenades, causing an explosion.
The prisoners have not yet announced the names of the dead prisoners, but the GMA television station reported that the there are two Chinese.
As of 8 am this morning, the prison authority has not  made a detailed statement, including how prisoners got grenades.
Yesterday, police in the central Philippine entered a jail in Leyte province, killing a prisoner who "attempted  to assault the police".
Urumqi regulates the management order of the travel individual market and asks that travel agencies sign a contract with tourists.
Xinjiang has entered the tourist season, in order to regulate the tourism FIT market management order, Urumqi City Tourism Law Enforcement Detachment United City Board of Management law enforcement detachment yesterday, the FIT market there is no travel car, travel agencies and tourists signed a low contract rate to investigate and deal with.
About 10 shuttles full of tourists parked around Kempinski Hotel yesterday morning, and most of them are for independent travelers on the 1-day tour of the Heavenly Lake of Tianshan.
"Hello, I am from the Urumqi City Tourism Bureau. Have  you signed a contract with this travel agency? "
Yu Bin, the staff of Urumqi City Board of Operations law enforcement, said: "nonlocal tourist buses and line buses that run tourist transportation in the Urumqi market have no operational qualification."
"The fine for operating beyond scope ranges from 30,000 yuan to 100,000 yuan, and 2,000 yuan for uncertified driver. "
It is reported that the Urumqi City Tourism Law Enforcement Department has inspected traveler-crowded places such as West Park, Red Mountain, etc.
In a summary of the two inspection,  Qi Ma, the deputy head of Urumqi City Tourism Law Enforcement Detachment, said: "Safety first,  standards second。Travel vehicle involved cases are usually tragedies with a lot of injuries and death once they occur."
"We're collaborating with the Transit Bureau to continuously inspect the market, regulating the travel agencies' driving behavior to ensure tourists' safety."
On the morning of August 12, the State Council Information Office held a press conference on China's national economy in July 2016.
National Bureau of Statistics spokesman, Director of National Economic Statistics Division, Sheng Laiyun said that in July,  the increase speed of some national economic sector indicators have slowed down, but still run in a reasonable range.
Data released by National Bureau of Statistics shows fallbacks on fixed asset investment growth, total imports and other data in July.
On the run of the national economy in July, I would like to take advantage of the phrase that the Prime Minister once said "the shape is fluctuating and the potential is still good." This can better summarize the characteristics of the economic operation in July.
He explained that the "ups and downs" meant that part of the economic indicator growth in July had indeed come down.
The export pressure is still relatively heavy, because the domestic and foreign economies were still in the deep adjustment, the international situation was complex and volatile, and the world economic recovery failed to meet expectations in July.
From the perspective of the domestic situation, the whole economy is still in the crucial stage of adjustment, the pain is continuously being released, and the economy is facing a great downward pressure, so there may be still some fluctuations shown by some indicators.
Shenglaiyun pointed out that there is a special case in July, floods are relatively more serious, and high temperature and heat  has brought some impact on the production and management in some areas.
According to the Ministry of Civil Affairs' recent release, more than 6000 million people over the country were affected, causing direct economic losses of more than 200 billion yuan.
From the index of  industrial, investment, transport-related indicators, these areas are affected to varying degrees.
The cargo turnover growth rate in July fell 3.6% from last month. Flood disasters have a certain impact on the transportation in these areas.
Based on these factors, the volatility that existed in some indicators was normal in July, and it was not beyond expectation.
He pointed out that "The potential is still good" means even though there is fallback of economic growth, the overall economic performance is steady and on an upward trend.
CPI rises 1.8% in July, up 0.2% from last month; CPI rises 2.1% from Jun to Jul, so the overall price situation is stable.
According to the statistics of high temperature weather in subsidiary districts and counties provided by the portal of the Chongqing Municipal Bureau of Meteorology, the rest of the metropolis can receive high temperature allowance in various degree except Youyang county.
At present, at least 28 provinces in the country have clearly defined the standard of subsidies, but the standards released by various provinces and municipalities are not the same. Chongqing issues the high temperature allowance according to working under high temperature daily allowance.
The minimum stipend is 10 yuan per person per day when the temperature is below 37 ℃ but above 35 ℃, and 15 yuan when above 37 ℃
staffs who work in > 40 ℃ temperature can receive an allowance up to 20 yuan per day (exclude workers that have already been legally granted the high temperature position allowance).
According to this standard, Kaizhou that had the most number of hot days last month can get 330 yuan, and Chengkou that had the least can get 80 yuan. Youyang didn't meet high-temperature standard so it has no high-temperature subsidy.
In the past, many employing units use the cost of cooling beverage to offset the high temperature allowance, which, as pointed out by the City Safety Supervision Bureau, is not line with current stipulation.
Due to high temperature, work was stopped, and working hours shortened, the employer shall not deduct or reduce the wages of workers.
City Council said that employees, who encountered high temperature jobs but did not receive high temperature allowance, can make a claim for your legal right and interest through the enterprise labor dispute mediation agencies, or call 12333 to file complaints.
If the employing unit refuses to pay an allowance for high temperature work, the laborer may lodge a complaint with the relevant bureau of labor and social security at the county level or above.
At the same time the high temperature allowance is included in the total wages and tax deduction since it is part of wages, not welfare.
So the high temperature allowance is not within the minimum wage range, and must be issued in cash form. Drinks and other physical objects cannot be given instead.
The newly built Urumqi station is located in the Urumqi high-speed railway area; the whole construction area is ​​about 100,000 square meters.
With the 1, 2 floors as the stop, waiting room, and office and commercial space, underground first floor is the outbound floor.
At present, Urumqi station in Xinjiang is the largest integrated transport hub, consisting of high-speed railway, rail transportation, bus transportation and taxi transportation, which can achieve seamless docking across various modes of transportation.
There are totally three ticket halls locating respectively on the north and south sides of the platform layer and on the north side of the outbound area, equipped with 39 ticket windows and 34 ticket vending machines.
In terms of tickets, there are a total of 30 channels on both East and West sides of the waiting hall, passengers can check the ticket on the ticket number, for quick inspection, while waiting.
If you need help, you can press the  41 call buttons in the station, you can get timely service.
From July 1 onwards, the old passenger station, that is, Urumqi South Station passenger train will move on the line at Urumqi station.
In other words, all motor vehicles and 30 pairs of the Xinjiang train can stop at Urumqi Station.
Now, passengers can buy tickets at both stations. It takes the train about 10 minutes between the two stations. Passengers need to pay attention to the names of departure and arrival stations on the ticket.
The new Urumqi passenger station officially put into operation and will become Xinjiang's important platform to build a national integrated transport city to promote the "Silk Road Economic Zone" and the new district construction.
Gracia is a adorable female toucan, full of tropical charm.
In the Central American country of Costa Rica, Toucano Gracia and its story has long been known.
After postoperative rehabilitation, "Grecia" the toucan finally appeared to showcase its brand new 3D printing plastic beak at a press conference on August 10.
This dying toucan whose upper beak was broke one year and half ago now finally regained a new life.
This day it was not only announced that it has 100% restored its health, but also it has moved into the luxury aviary, and meets human friends everyday.
Recently moving to his new cage, Grecia is slightly shy at first but soon become lively, rolling in the water basin and eating grapes with his new beak.
In order to remind people of what it has suffered,  the technical staff did not color the new beak, but to retain the white surface of the original 3D print material.
A bird's beak is a thin layer of horny sheath, which is hollow inside, and only supported by some interlaced thin bones.
Despite this internal reinforcement, the toucan's beak is fragile and cloud break when it is hurt.
The animal rescue center, ornithologists and a 3D printing company from US worked together to create several "test beaks", finally the most suitable "perfect beak" has been created for Gracia.
Today, Gracia has adepted to using the new beak to drink water, eat, and even peck fine grains.
"It took about two months to design the final product, and took only 4 to 5 hours to print."
"3D printing is not the future technology, it has really come into our lives.Thomas Lange, chairman of US SG3D printing company, said in an interview with Xinhua International reporters.
On January 2015, Gracia the Toucan was found completely covered in blood in a farm in the Alajuela canton of Gracia in the middle of Costa Rica.
Its beak was cruelly broken at that time by a group of young people, making it impossible for the bird to eat but to die.
After the media reported on Griscia's tragedy, there was a tide of anti-animal abuse both inside and outside of Costa Rica.
People are demanding a more rigorous animal protection law with harsher penalties for animal abusers.
People come spontaneously and try their best to help Gracia restore to her life before injury as much as possible.
And even Chuck Hull, the inventor of 3D printing technology,  also took part in the design of the Gracia's beak.
"Gracia's situation is quite special: the remaining part of its beak is less than 1 centimeter, making it difficult to install the new beak."
"We first scanned Gracie, and then designed and produced an extended prosthesis slightly longer than the remainder of its beak, and fixed it onto its beak with glue."
"This can reduce the risk of further invasive injury  to Gracia."Lange told Xinhua International journalists.
Before installing the prosthesis, the staff need to clean the broken beak everyday to prevent infection .
From thousands of miles away, the story of the gray Southeast Asian toucan touched the famous documentary director Paula Heredia and exploration news channel producer John Hoffman.
They recorded the process of installing a new beak on Gracia, recording a documentary named "Toucan country", which has been broadcast on the Animal Planet this month.
The documentary "Toucan Nation" shows how a small toucan has changed a country and how it has inspired the entire country to get involved in the fight against animal cruelty.
Core Tip: Japanese oil companies stay alert, in particular, to the rising small independent refineries from china that are also known as the "teapot".
Japan's largest oil company JX Energy believes that "China's export expansion is one of the reasons for the downturn in the market."
Japanese oil companies are especially  vigilant about the rise of China's small independent oil refineries, which are referred to as "teapot".
China's oil product quality is gradually close to Japan's oil due to the Chinese government has always been enforcing the environmental protection requirements.
Before obtaining the crude import license, the "teapot refinery" generally use high-sulfur heavy crude oil from Russian and other places as regular refinery feedstock.
Produced petroleum products have higher sulfur content and  poor oil quality, which is one of the causes of environmental pollution.
After gaining the import license for crude oil, "teapot refinery" can import Oman crude oil that has low sulfur content and Russian crude oil, the quality of its petroleum products also improved.
East Fuel General Oil Company reported, "With the continual augment of China's domestic oil product quality standards, the refining capacity of the equipment improve as well.
As a result, the quality of China's oil products exported to foreign countries gradually reached the same level as Japan (which is the world's highest quality).
JX Energy said that “after the end of 2015, China began to export high-quality light oil to Australia, " and started competing with Japan products in the Asian market.
Although the "Japanese high quality oil" is facing a crisis, the coping strategy the Japanese oil companies use is only to "pay attention to the market while export to profitable areas."
Due to China's the influence of exports of oil products on the Asian market, teapot refinery's attention is also getting higher and higher.
Yangtze Evening News  Liqun sunshine student help action started since May 26, 2016, after two months of registration, the total number of poor students is up to 800 people who apply for grants of the fellowship.
Through the project to help students, we had received donations of more than 1.2 million yuan (in five batches), that can help at least 240 students to complete university.
At present, donations continue, this newspaper called on the community to continue to lend a helping hand, so that more children from poor families can get funding, and get social care.
In order to ensure that the student action is fair, open and transparent, the newspaper announced the basic information of the students, today they announced the first 1-100, to accept the reader supervision.
Liqun sunshine student action is a well-known Chinese charity brand. Yangzi Evening News reports that Liqun sunshine student action  has carried out in Jiangsu Province  since 2003 and financially aided a total of more than 4,000 poor students .
The  scholarship is only available for freshmen with excellent academic record and in poverty, excluding students in tuition-free majors.
The statistics show that the population growth rate in New Zealand was only 2% over the peak at the "baby boom" population in 1974 and in the early 1950s and early 1960s.
As of June this year, New Zealand's net inflow of immigrants within 12 months was 69.1 thousands,  making it the main driver of New Zealand's population growth in recent years.
In addition, in the same period, New Zealand's natural increase in population is 28,200.
According to the data, there is an annual net amount of 21.8 thousands of migrants flowing into New Zealand in the last 10 years, producing an annual population growth of 32.3 thousands of people.
From the population structure point of view, a large influx of immigrants means that percentage of age group of 15 to 39 years old  is increasing gradually in working age population.
New Zealand's working-age population rose 3.6 percent to 1.58 million in 12 months through June 2016.
At the same time, the population growth of over 65 years of age has increased by 3.6%, which is up to 700,000 people.
Yesterday morning around 10 am,  the international freight train X9003 departed from the Xinzhu station in Xi'an and headed toward Almaty, Kazakhstan.
The set off of this train marked that since the Xi'an Railway Bureau opened the Central Asia International Freight Class in 2013, the number of successful setting off trips exceeds 10000.
It is understood that this class of freight transport cargo category covers six categories, including industrial raw materials, machinery and equipment, industrial spare parts, building materials, food and light industrial products, a total of 206 varieties.
As of August 11 this year, Xinzhu station has dispatched a total of 221 freight trains and 10009 wagons in central Asia, with a cumulative total of  338,000 tons of goods transported. Among them, the number of freight trains dispatched in 2016 is 84, a increase of 47% over last year.
It is reported that the first cargo carried by Central Asia cargo train is "Made in Shaanxi" and that now it has attracted lots of foreign source of goods actively getting carried now.
As of the end of July, Central Asian containers broke the 64,000 TEU mark, an increase of 8% over the same period in 2015.
With the increase in the opening of the Central Asian classes, traffic at the Xi'an Railway Bureau increased year by year.
2015, the new station cargo throughput reached 2.477 million tons, as of August 10, 2016, the volume of cargo delivery has reached 1.531 million tons, representing an increase of 6.7% over the same period last year.
In order to meet the needs of future development, Xi'an Railway Bureau issued a plan to build a Xinzhu station as the center of the Xi'an Xinzhu Railway Logistic Complex,  creating a modern Xinzhu Railway Logistic Complex industrial park.
A man from India won one million dollar prize at the Dubai International Airport this week after surviving a plane crash landing a week ago.
Muhammad Bashir Abdul Hedar, who lives in the United Arab Emirates, has a habit of buying lottery tickets every time he returns.
His 21-year-old son was paralytic because of an accidental fall thirteen days after being born. He has been working hard to pay his son's medical loan.
"Surviving the plane crash means that God gives a second life to me, and that he gives me the money to do charity," Hedar said.
Although it's now at the beginning of autumn, the afterheat  is really comparable to the summer.
UV will not only tan your skin but also sunburn it, how to make your skin survive military training with sunburn?
Sunscreen packaging are generally marked with SPF and PA, SPF refers to the SPF, which is for UVB UV, our common SPF index has 15, 30, 50 and so on.
Products marked with PA are targeted at UVA, these sunscreen products will be more effective, usually, effectiveness of the PA will be marked by a + sign, more + signs mean longer protection time.
Water-based sunscreens with strong penetration are best suited for oily skin types. Sunscreen spray is also a good choice.
Dry skin should choose creamy sunscreen; neutral skin generally has no strict rules, for sensitive skin any skin care products are a burden, it is recommended to choose pure physical sunscreen products.
Remember to apply sunscreen half an hour in advance, because it takes time for sunscreen to completely soak into the skin.
The sunshine period lasts much longer during the military training, you'd better use your sunscreen scream once every two hours, it's the only way to last its effect, don't be lazy.
As the skin has just been stimulated by the sun, do not immediately use skin whitening products after backing from military training.
After the military training, you can wrap ice in a towel and put it on the burned skin for pain relief if conditions allow.
Farmers who buy farming tools during the exhibition, continue to implement the cumulative subsidy policy, farmers can get agricultural subsidies up to 40% of the subsidy.
This trade show invites investment and exhibition worldwide, with particular efforts on countries along the way of  and targeted market countries by "one belt and one road."
The exhibition strives to reach 60 contracts for investment with a total of capital of 22 billion yuan, and sign more than 160 trade contracts with a total of contract amount of 3.2 billion.
Reportedly that the "Xian Expo" settles down in Loudi, Hunan seven years in a row arises from the solid foundation and long history of the city's manufacturing industry.
As the host of the "Hunan Fair", Loudi has  established a trade relationship with more than 90 countries around the world.
"Xiang Fair" has become the local development of characteristic industries, and is an important platform to promote the characteristics of industry to go abroad.
On some nights, the ionosphere is filled with free electrons, which means that the radio signal can go farther.
According to the website of US monthly "Popular Science"  that reported on August 11, the US Air Force is interested in reproducing this effect.
Although the ionosphere having many stable free electrons may help people listen to the university radio station at the edge of broadcast area, it may not be the interest of the U.S. Air Force.
The electron permeated ionosphere means that the radio used by the military has a larger broadcast range and may provide some protection of the global positioning system (GPS) signal from a solar storm.
The ultimate goal may be an on-demand fleet of cube-shaped satellites that can reinforce the ionosphere when needed.
But first of all, these teams that signed a contract with the Air Force must prove that the scientific principles will work.
Industry data show that the total size of coal production in 2015 is close to 6 billion tons, the national coal production capacity of 1.8 billion tons.
Over the past decade, the State Council issued the notice on eliminating excess and lagging production five times in total.
Although the coal industry is not the direct aim for the first four times, the targeted industries are closely related with the coal industry.
From last November to January this year, the price of 5500 Kcal thermal coal in Qinhuangdao was staying low at 370 yuan / ton, resulting in 90% of the coal enterprises into a loss.
And since February, coal prices gradually picked up, the recent Qinhuangdao thermal coal prices rose continuously for four weeks, rose to the highest in 16 months, and once climbed to 436 yuan per ton, which is 70 yuan more than at the beginning of the year.
With the price rising, the industries across the field accordingly have concerns: Will a group of small coal mine plants resume and work again?
In this regard, the head of the China (Hainan) Reform and Development Institute of Economic Research Kuang Xianming conducted an analysis and interpretation.
Kuang Xianming: Reducing overcapacity has drew intense attention from different parties. The results of reducing overcapacity of the coal industry issued today truly make everyone feel worried.
These three superficial factors reflect the relative lag behind the shift in the way we grow in the past, that is, the government-led growth has not yet been fundamentally changed.
Second, this is also directly relevant to the local government's executive force, in the process of cutting overcapacity, the funds and the corresponding supporting measures should be in place, from this point of view, the discrepancies between different regions are truly huge.
Thirdly, if some provinces that are relatively slow intended to proceed in the progress in the second half of the year, they might face greater risks.
In this case, the process  of promoting  overcapacity resolution relying on the funds supported by central government may cause  negative impact to a certain extent.
First, 'cutting overcapacity' is not a simple total amount control.
Our goal is to reorganize the entire coal industry by eliminating the backward production capacity and promoting industrial structure optimization.
During the deployment aiming to cut overcapacity, the local government must combine the efforts to cut overcapacity with the transformation and upgrading of the coal industry, while striving to develop the relevant services.
Second, to finish this year's task of reducing overcapacity, we still need to fully execute the power of administrative supervision and regulation.
Last, we want to strengthen the role of social security.
Because the market is directly related to the employment problem, we must strengthen the employment skills training for employees and workers.
"The reason for the declining rank is that foreign investment's expectation towards the growth of Brazil's GDP  in the medium term has worsened."
In 2015, Brazil's participation in global direct investment was 3.7%, down from 5.7% in 2014.
Credit Suisse Bank International Investment Attractiveness Index includes four sub-indexs: infrastructure construction, economic prospect, business environment and volume of direct investment.
In 2015, Brazil's international direct investment was $ 64.6 billion, down from $ 73.1 billion in 2014.
Last year, Brazil's "greenfield investment" (investment in foreign investment to set up factories) was $ 17.9 billion, 2.1% lower than last time.
There are 288 'Green Land Investment' projects in Brazil, with an average of 314 per year from 2003 to 2014.
However, in the first half of 2016, international direct investment in Brazil had reached $ 33.8 billion, an increase of almost 10% compared to the same period last year.
Title: Canadian police killed IS supporters:  plan to attack downtown with homemade bombs.
The taxi company said this taxi was dispatched to the Dreyfus' residence before the arrival of the police.
Canadian police said at a news conference on Wednesday that the police received information including those provided by the US Federal Bureau of Investigation of the "martyrdom video" the young man was going to execute.
According to the German voice's report, in the video, a man wearing a black Barakella hat is reading the "Koran", referring to the crime against the Muslims, and vowed to attack a Canadian city soon.
He said in the video, that the attack would occur within 72 hours and at the rush hour.
The incident is the first time the police shot a suspected terrorist before an incident since Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau (Justin Trudeau) came to power last year.
After upgrading, Old Wanfu River and North Pass, feeder canals of the Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal,  will begin toll collection since September 1.
The fund for transformation of two tributaries comes from social financing, which has been approved by the relevant provincial government departments.
Flowing through Jinxiang, Yutai,  the Lao Wan Fu  water way drifts into the main channel of Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal via Lake Nanyang, with a total length of 32.5 km.
According to the navigation needs, method of conservative transformation was used on the Old Wanfu River channel like deepening the local depth of the water, straightening the local sharp bend so on, therefore navigation conditions can be improved.
The channel flows through Jinxiang County, Rencheng County, and enters the main channel of Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal through Nanyang Lake, a total length of 19 km.
Renovation of the two waterway started construction in February 2011, and was completed and inspected in January 2015, investment and construction was supported mainly by the Jining Anping Canal Logistics Service Center.
In accordance with the "loan construction, charging repayment" principle, Jining City Anping Canal Logistics Service Center, in accordance with the Shandong Provincial Price Bureau, approved the proposed price of the channel tolls.
Among them, the basic toll is 1.75 yuan / dwt and mileage fee is 0.05 yuan / dwt-km .
The toll collection date is from June 15, 2016 through June 14, 2019.
Reporters from Jining City harbor learned that there is a total of four charged flight channels. They are Zhushui waterway, Baima River Channel, North Road channel, and the old channel respectively.
These four channels are tributary channels of Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal, and were upgraded and rebuilt through social financing.
The upgrading project of Zhushui River waterway is the first one to adopt the "government + market" model in construction of the inland port infrastructure in Shandong Province.  The government accounts for the main investment and the social funds are used to fill its budget deficit.
Baima River, the old Wanfu River, North River Road and other feeder routes take the pure market operation way.
Lack of funding allocated by the State Finance has been a major constraint on the upgrading project of the channel.
Utilizing Social funds for the construction of public infrastructure not only conforms to the requirements of national policies, but also offers a way to break the capital bottleneck.
Ningze Tao's performance in the 100 meters freestyle semi-final, has left a lot of Chinese audience speechless.
But in the preliminary contest of 50-meter freestyle swimming, Ning Zetao refreshed the "bottom line" of people once again.
In fact, 50 meters freestyle is not Ning Zetao's advantageous projects, his performance and the best result he got in the Kazan World Championships also decided his breakthrough in this project is unlikely.
Sure enough, Hong Kong media authority <Ta Kung Pao> revealed that the biggest reason Ning Ze Tao lost is because he has lost interest in swimming.
Many off-court factors may have a great impact on his future ideas, he is likely to be more interested in entering the entertainment.
After getting the Kazan World Championships, with his ultra-nice looking and good score, Ning Zetao instantly become a network celebrity.
So, the titles such as "national husband", "little fresh meat", "metrosexual " and so on continuously become his labels.
A variety of commercial activities and opportunities of making big money led to a promising future.
In this case, Ning Zetao can chooses to retire at this time to join the entertainment, it is  not only his freedom, but also a seemingly viable way.
After all, he is only 23 years old. After some serious study, he can definitely star in one or two dramas with his popularity.
But Ning Zetao needs to see whether he is qualified enough compared to these predecessors.
At the 2000 Sydney Olympics, 21 years old Liu Xuan has come to the final phase of her professional athlete's career.
Liu Xuan's beautiful appearance makes people remember her quickly, which paves the way for her entertainment career.
After retirement, Liu Xuan played in a number of TV series, and  set up her own studio in 2013.
Tian Liang participated in  Olympic individual and Synchronized 10 metre platform diving  events twice and won 2 gold medals and 2 silver medals.
But after losing in the 2004 Olympic Games singles 10m dive against teammate Hu Jia, Tian Liang’s competition performance showed a decline, and was revealed to be kicked out of the diving team.
And he drew lots of attention by participating in variety shows, such as "Where Are We Going? Dad" with his daughter.
Once the gymnastics gold generation Yang Wei, Li Xiaopeng and Chen Yibing are high-profile participating in a variety of variety shows.
It is worth mentioning that, Yang Wei and Li Xiaopeng led China to win the 2008 Olympic Games men's team champion, Yang Wei even earned a personal all-around gold medal twice, and is known as the Almighty King.
And Yibing Chen led the Chinese team to the 2012 Olympic team champions while at the same time became "King of the Rings".
And in the London Olympic Games, after losing the gold medal because of being misjudged, Chen Yibing's generous move let him win numerous fans.
But these athletes mainly put their energy in the games. As for the variety shows, they are not serious about them.
But whether it is retired or active athletes, they can get recreation when needed while receiving proper protection.
After all, athletes, who have just stepped into a new area, are in a blank state in terms of ability and social network.
Even the "veterans" like Tian Lian and  Liu Xuan who have been around in the entertainment circle for years, they still remind common audience of their performance in the Olympic Games.
When introducing the newbies to the variety show, they are Yang Wei, Li Xiaopeng and others. All of them are "Olympic champions"  without any exceptions.
Comparing with the people above, Ning Zetao's only one world swimming champion seems fewer.
Moreover, compared to Tian Liang, Liu Xuan, Yang Wei, etc who retired with glories, if Ning Zetao quits at age 23 after some minor setbacks in his career, it would cause immeasurable negative impact on his image.
After all, when talking about athletes, people's requirements are "not winning all the time, but to not be afraid of danger," Ningze Tao is also a lot worse from this requirement.
To put it in another way,  Ning Zetao looks handsome so he can use it to earn countless crazy fans' support.
Want to have a good showbiz career, but have no talent but a good appearance. It is more difficult than return to original state by hard training.
The choices made in life depends on an individual's wishes, but in the end, Ningze Tao should make the choice himself.
The network social platforms ostensibly expand the social circle while reducing people's loneliness.
The influence of online social network is getting more and more extensive, it's not only gradually replacing the traditional telephone communication, but also penetrating into our offline real life circle, quietly changing the current social activity of people.
The benefits of online socialization are obvious, such as convenience and fast, so it is particularly favored by young people.
A survey on social habits of college students shows that 57% of college students use mobile phones for more than five hours a day, and they can not even leave their mobile phones in their daily lives.
"Social network features low cost, fast transmission, multi people instant communication and so on,  which is in line with the needs of contemporary college students."
Expanding social circle, talking with each other more equally and avoiding social anxiety, those are the main reasons why we fall in love with online chat.
New entrants who have just entered the company like online chatting with other colleagues, "they are not familiar with each other because they have just entered the company, however their relationships are getting closer than before through giving likes and comments to each other on the social platform."
Those who love to make friends commonly use online communication. "Before with friends if there was some misunderstanding it would take some time to work it out.  Later, just a few lines exchanged with a large group and they warm right up."
As an IT engineer, Wu Yan is one of in-depth online social enthusiasts, most of his social life has occurred online, the number of his online contacts is several times of his offline friends.
Wu Yan himself admitted that he is as free "as a duck" on the Internet.
"You can reply to your friends when you are willing and convenient, because there are a lot of time to consider the words, the expression can be more clear."
"The coming and going hidden under the ID avoids  face-to-face interpersonal collision, this does not only leave room for maneuver, and even give each other more time and space to consider words and deeds."
"People of different identities have the same right and efficiency in the same way that all social concerns in real life seem to be eliminated in cyberspace."
However, Wuyan's friend Xiaopeng feels that the real life Wuyan is a "rather boring geek".
Xiaopeng and Wu Yan made acquaintances in a big chatting group, they both were active speakers, so got familiar with each other very soon.
Xiaopeng thinks Wuyan is very different in real life and on the computer. His speech is simple, he does not take the initiative to express his views, and all he says is "Oh, yes, yes, " or else it would be, "I will need to check the Internet for this" many times repeatedly.
Lingshui police have mounted an investigation into it, and Lingshui traffic sector will also significantly clamp down on illegally-operated vehicles.
"The police investigation into the conflict on August 4  has not created any results yet, and the other two drivers'  cabs were smashed near their homes on August 11, at around 12am."
Now most of the tricycles are operating illegally at night. I hope the authorities can also intensify the efforts on regulating."
Nanhai network reporter learned from the Lingshui Li Autonomous County Public Security Bureau that currently the police have accepted the reports of the two cases, the motive for the two cases, who did it, whether they are related and so on are undergoing further investigation.
The manager of Traffic Management Station of Transportation Bureau Wang Wenyi said Lingshui transport sector began early this year to rectify the illegal operation of the transporting tricycle, a total of 613 illegal operation of the passenger tricycle has been ceased.
Next, the transportation department will submit applications to the County government to conduct a joint regulating campaign regarding illegal operated vehicles such as tricycles, motorcycles, black cars etc.
On August 11 at 8am, Qilu Evening News reporter followed the "Health China" clinic service group to come to Hegou Village, West Lake Town of Donggang District.
The village is located in the remote, about 24 km from the urban area, with more than 200 households. Due to economic, transportation and physical limitations, it is very inconvenient for many middle-aged patients to go out and see a doctor.
The volunteer medical consultations provided this time is more comprehensive, including general medicine,  surgery, respiratory, psychiatry, dermatology,  and pediatrics.
Many villagers who'd heard that clinic experts would come were waiting early in a small square in the village.
67-year-old Ms. Xue  has congenital scoliosis, and she has also suffered from asthma in recent years,  she would be out of breath even walking on a slope.
Doctors told Aunt Xue, it is unlikely to fully heal chronic bronchitis, usually medication can alleviate it.
In the dermatologist clinic, a 60-year-old elder with her little grandson  come to the consultation.
The old man's grandson is 11 years old, who has been suffered  from "beriberi" since he was 3 years old.
The doctor told the old man after the diagnosis, this was seasonal eczema rather than "beriberi", he'd better not arbitrarily use medicines, avoiding treatment delay.
"In this village we provided service of disease diagnosis and ultrasound examination, while in Wulian County QiuJiaDianZi village the volunteer service team also provided a free body examination service.
Rural clinics are at the moment only one part of 'Healthy China'. In the days to come, there will be other activities."
51Talk Worry-Free English is regarded as a milestone in forging an online education industry ecosystem.
CEO Huang Jiajia said that bringing the world's best learning resources to the children of China is their plan for the next five years.
It is said that 51Talk's biggest advantage lies in the ability to meet the various needs of different age groups of users.
Chief Operating Officer Zhang Li Ming said that with global quality teachers and services connected to the students, parents do not have to waste valuable time to send their child to school.
The Central Bank has renewed the permission to 27 non-bank institutions including Alipay to have payment operations for 5 years.
In order to integrate  business resources, developed a scale effect and improve  supervision efficiency, the sustainability initial accordingly adjusts the scope of businesses for payment agencies  that plan to merge " payment business license".
The consolidated payment institution shall finish the handover within 6 months starting from the date of the announcement.
The People 's Bank of China will go through the cancellation and renewal of "Payment Business Permit" once the handover is completed.
In view of the presence of serious business irregularities, service stagnant or shrink, or service termination application in  some payment service providers, our renewal campaign this time will adjust their business scope accordingly.
The relevant agencies shall, within 6 months from the date of the announcement, stop payment services.
The People's Bank of China will continue the renewal of the "Payment Business License" deliberately  and in accordance with the law.
A magnitude 4.4-4.5 earthquake struck  Nima County Tibet. There have been no reports of casualties for now.
According to the local civil affairs department report, there are currently no casualties, specific disaster data is being further verified statistically .
Yu Bo, vice chairman of Municipal Disabled Persons' Federation, attended the event and made an important speech.
The leaders who attended the ceremony issued the plates for the second batch of "Love Yuan Mountain" Lei Feng private car team.
For 20 years, "Love the Yuan Mountain" help local people with practical action, the Yuan Mountain forest farm has taken over five bad-running institutions, and relocated nearly one thousand farm workers.
In front of each major disaster, the original mountain people will organize donations, and lend the community a helping hand.
Of the national morality models award nomination, Yuan Shan Forestry Station Party Secretary Sun Jianbo said that the Lei Feng spirit of truth and beauty is a long term goal of the socialist value system.
After the ceremony, participates visited the Shandong Yuan Shan Hard Work Commemorative Museum and experienced barrier-free facilities construction.
Wilfredo Lopez, Mayor of Rivas, said during the teacher training conference that the Nicaraguan government institutions are cooperating together to work with the HKND to promote the Environmental Management Plans and carry out the reforestation activities.
As a canal project developer, the HKND Group has always been building canals, following international best practices, while maximally protecting Nicaragua's ecological environment, in accordance with international standards."
College students led the primary and secondary school students to plant trees, so that they could educate the next generation of Nicaragua to afforest their environment, through the combination of theory and practice.
Professor Francis Reyes,  from the department of Natural Resources and the Environment at the National Agricultural University of Nicaragua, led his team participating in the afforestation project from beginning to end.
We have reasons to believe that the Cross-ocean Grand Canal project, led by the HKND Group as well, will bring more benefits to the Nicaraguan people and create more job opportunities for the local community."
In order to ensure the long-term effect of afforestation, HKND Group also released afforestation training albums, which were distributed to all the 15,000 primary and secondary school students in the Rivas province on the purpose of offering teachers, students and parents a long-term technical guidance.
Recently, the 10th China International Folk Art Festival hosted by the China Federation of Literary and Art Circles and the Qinghai Provincial Government kicked off in Qinghai Xining.
About 300 artists in art troupes from thirteen countries and regions in five continents all come together and delivered wonderful performances with international and national folk characteristics.
Tajikistan "Avesta" news agency 11 days quoted the central bank news that the first 7 months of this year, Tarifa's inflation rate of 3.7%.
It's reported that the inflation rate was 3.7% for the first seven months of this year, with inflation in July as 0.6% and an annual rate of 6% .
It is reported that the Government of Tajikistan 's goal is to limit the 2016 annual inflation rate to 7.5%, while its  2015 inflation rate is 5.1%.
In addition, the report also pointed out that on the issue of the economic development and inflation of tower, there are a number of disagreements between the government and some major international financial institutions.
According to the forecast of Ministry of Trade and Economic Development, the country's economic growth will reach 7% in 2016, while the country's inflation is basically above this level.
And Asian Development Bank,  World Bank and  International Monetary Fund have made different predictions for the economic development and inflation of the country in 2016.
For both of these indicators, the ADB gives forecast of 4.2% and 7%, while that of the World Bank were 4.8% and 7.5%, and that of the International Monetary Fund was 3.4% and 8.2%.
It is reported that although being affected by a series of  external adverse factors, such as the international economic downturn, the devaluation of the Russian ruble and declining overseas remittance,  Tajikistan's economy still achieved 6% growth in 2015.
On August 11, when the reporter telephone interviewed Huang Yilin who has returned to her home in Mianyang, Sichuan, she said: "At that time the situation was too urgent, and there was only saving people on my mind!"
Huang Yilin is a student in class 2015 of College of the Central and South Forest Science and Landscape Architecture.
Huang Yilin, who majors in urban and rural planning, wanted to visit Sichuan Langzhong to observe the local architectural design, so the family traveled there.
On August 8th, around 10 am, Huang Yilin's father rested in the hotel, mother and daughter went out and prepared to stroll in Langzhong ancient city.
I didn't go far before suddenly seeing a crowd of people hollering, and I went over merely out of curiosity.
Seeing "a little boy disappear and a little girl desperately flutter in the water, only can see her little head on the surface of the river and she continues to sink", Huang Yilin (who has learnt swimming at childhood) hurriedly jumped into water to save them.
After entering the water, Huang Yilin with the height of 165 cm found that she actually cannot touch the bottom!
Below the calm water surface, it is the rapids!
However she still desperately swam to the little girl.
Yilin Huang said the last 5 meters in the muddy and racing  flood-water almost worn her out.
She tried her best to push the little girl to the dock, "the slope is particularly slippery, I am afraid that I would not have the strength to stay afloat.""
So, Huang Yilin started to seek help from her mother, when her mother who is not good at swimming heard her daughter's shout she prepared to rescue her in the water, but she was stopped by the visitors around her.
News spread when on August 10th Huang Yilin jumped into the river to save someone. Ms. Yin received both condolences and praise from friends and relatives, but many of them also held her "accountable".
"Now that I think about it, it's really scary!To tell the truth, when the child couldn't stay on the embankment any longer, and asked for my help, my heart was almost broken."
Ms. Yin said with some trepidation that, despite the danger, if again faced with the same situation she will still support her daughter's choice. She is proud of her!
Because  she was forced to learn to swim, Huang Yilin seldom swims after that. "I have never thought that the skill would come in handy."
According to the introduction from Huang Yilin's class supervisor Chen Yijun, Huang Yilin  is recognized as a " curve wrecker" in the class and helpful.
Yunnan Province's first Youth Games opens on the 13th. The opening ceremony features  national style to show youth and vitality
The first youth sports festival in Yunnan Province will be held from August 13 to August 22 in Mang City, Dehong Prefecture.
On August 12th, in Dehong Prefecture, Mang City, the organizing committee held a press conference to introduce the organization of the contest and preparations for the opening ceremony.
The first youth games of Yunnan province will be hosted by the Yunnan Provincial Sports Bureau and undertaken by People's Government of Mangshi. The opening ceremony of the games will be held in the morning of  the 13th.
The competition has 11 events, such as  track and field, soccer, basketball, tennis, volleyball, weightlifting, cycling, wrestling, gymnastics, martial arts and so on, including 180 small games.
Lin Chang, deputy director of the Provincial Sports Bureau and deputy director of the Organizing Committee of First Youth Games, said that presently the preparatory work has been in place, complying with the "government-led, market driven, and economically operating" guideline.
Dehong City, the old body of the weightlifting ceremony and martial arts Museum, a small wrestling mound city, Silver Tower area mountain bike track repair work has been completed.
In terms of event security, the current conference recruited 580 volunteers, during which the volunteers will provide hospitality services at the various venues for athletes and visitors.
At the same time, there were 11 medical teams, consisting of 70 medical staff and 11 ambulances who had been transferred from various hospitals in Dehong state, responsible for medical security work for the competition site and athlete residence.
Involved of the issue of the opening and closing ceremonies, the current Olympic Games ignition ceremony, combined with the traditional characteristics of Yunnan ethnic minorities, will show a rich cultural connotation of Yunnan.
At present, in preparation for the opening ceremony of theatrical performances, a total of 1500 students from Dehong Vocational College and 2000 other professional actors have been arranged.
Opening and closing ceremonies will fully integrate Yunnan elements, Dehong characteristics, and display the room regional culture and folk customs and characteristics of the city of Dehong Hong Kong.
The opening ceremony rehearsal was over for now, and the official event will be held tomorrow morning.
Compared to the past, the artistic performance for the opening ceremony of this year's Youth Games is in larger scale.
Starting from September 1st, senior citizens who are 60 to 64 years old can ride the bus for half price.
In the morning of the 11th, at the IC Card Sale Center of Jining City Bus Company, some senior citizens are in line for their IC cards; a 62-year-old mister surnamed Yao just got his half-fare card for Seniors.
Jining Committee on Aging, the Municipal Finance Bureau, and the City Department of Transportation issued "Notice of Citizen aged 60-64 enjoy half-fare bus travel". The discount policy will be effective September 1, this year.
"Meet the conditions of the elderly, go to the IC sales center to register using a second generation ID card; elderly who have foreign status also enjoy this offer."
Jining City bus company computer center deputy director Liu Xia said that since August 1, more than 200 old half-price cards were registered.
So far, the Senior Citizen Card is divided into two kinds, one is  Senior Citizen  Free Card, the other is Senior Citizen  Half-fare Card.
"To better serve senior citizens, we upgrade our system and change the renewal from twice a year to once a year so that senior card holders do not have to go back and forth two times."
According to the today's official microblogging posts of the China Securities Regulatory Commission, both securities supervision departments in Shen Zhen and Hong Kong are working closely on issues with Shen Zhen Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
At the same time, CSRC set up a “Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect” special task force, and actively promoted the preparatory work of “Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect". After the relevant regulatory rules and technical equipments are ready, it will  be selectively served sometime this year.
Those who have sent out mass scam messages to a certain amount, may be penalized for crime of fraud even if they fail.
The People's Court of Wolong district, Nanyang city, Henan Province, found that  the defendant Li Huiwang sent fraudulent information through a pseudo base station  in both Tongbai County and Nanyang City between September 30 and October 4th in 2015.
On October 5 at 10 am of the same year, the defendant once again came to a hotel room in  Nanyang City Wolong District and used pseudo base-station to send fraud messages to groups, but was then arrested by the police.
It is estimated that the pseudo-base station equipment sent 62228 text messages on October 4, 2015, resulting in 62228 mobile phone users experiencing communication interruption for minimum eight and maximum 10 minutes.
The court held that the defendant Li Huiyang used pseudo-base stations to send a total of 62228 non-specific fraud messages, and this behavior has constituted the crime of fraud.
It is advisable for the defender to adopt the opinion of the defender, who has been sent to the defendant.
Considering the nature of crime, the attitude to admission of guilt, and  other circumstances, the defendant was sentenced to 4 years and 6 months of imprisonment, and fined 10,000 yuan.
Siberian tigers are currently classified as endangered (EN) by the World Conservation Union (IUCN) Red List of Endangered Species.
According to the Jilin Provincial Forestry Department, in 1998, China, the United States, Russia and other countries jointly gathered data which showed that Jilin Province only had four to six wild Northeastern tigers, and three to five Northeastern leopards.
According to Changchun Yu, the Director of Jilin Provincial Department of Forestry Protection, Jilin Province has continuously amplified wild animal conservation in recent years。The distribution and number of both Northeast Tiger and Northeast Panthers in China are much improved .
The latest monitoring data of year 2015 shows that only within Jilin Province we have monitored 27 wild tigers and 42 Northeast leopards.
As the world's wildlife protection flagship species distributed at the Sino-Russian border, the cooperation between China and Russia is of great significance to the recovery and reproduction of wild tigers and leopards.
According to the Jilin Provincial Forestry Department, Jilin Province has established a long-term and stable cooperation and exchange mechanism with Russia.
2016 China Hunchun Tiger Leopard Protection International Forum ended on 11th. The Sino-Russian forestry sectors and animal protection organizations reached a number of consensus again in this Forum.
Jilin Provincial Forestry Department said that strengthening the Sino-Russian tiger and leopard protection cooperation effort is not only an urgent task the Chinese tiger and leopard protection is face, but also a priority to maintaining the health of the Russian tiger and leopard populations.
Sun Fijian, as a party member and leading cadre,  has lost his ideal and faith and seriously violated party disciplines. After 18th National Congress,  he is still seriously overbearing, and against discipline with no sense of proportion.
After the occurrence of this case, after a number of media reports, the case became the center of focus, causing an extremely bad impact on society.
After the case, Haikou City Public Security Bureau of Interpol detachment leaders greatly valued this case and  immediately organized a detachment of elite troops to take the initiative to attack.
The police immediately implemented the Internet pursuing of the suspect and took a variety of measures to make surveilance, and contacted and asked foreign police to assist in investigation of the whereabouts of Wang.
As the suspect is notorious thieves, and have repeatedly been dealt with by the public security organs, with strong anti-reconnaissance capabilities, coupled with his long-term drug abuse, interrogation of drug addiction often attack, trial work is very difficult.
The Greenland Shark, also known as small head sleeping shark, is widely distributed in Greenland and Iceland in the North Atlantic waters; these sharks can reach  4 to 5 meters long as adults.
But their growth rate is extremely slow, sometimes only about 1 cm a year, suggesting that Greenland sharks may have an extremely long lives.
Traditional aging methods usually uses animal's calcification, and with regard to sharks we can use fins, but this kind of calcified tissue is very scarce in Greenland sharks.
A new study led by Julius Nelson of the University of Copenhagen，Denmark resorted to the use of Greenland shark's ocular lens for radioactive carbon dating.
This methodology had previously been used to validate the age of whales, but it is the first  time for it to be applied in sharks and other fish.
Their analysis shows that age estimate of the largest shark is 392 years old with a margin of error of 120 years.
That is to say, the age of this shark is at least 272 years old;  possible maximum of 512 years old.
In addition, the female Greenland shark allegedly to about 4 meters in length when the sexual maturity, converted into age is at least until the age of 156 only adult.
Researchers therefore state in the paper that the Greenland sharks are the known reigning champions of vertebrate longevity, surpassing the previous  longevity champion record of Bowhead whales (211 years).
Over the past year, the exchange reform has achieved remarkable results, while the RMB exchange rate remained basically stable, but it also laid a solid foundation for the promotion of RMB internationalization.
From the market performance point of view, over the past year, the two-way floating exchange rate characteristics of the RMB exchange rate flexibility, the exchange rate is expected to overall stable.
Ever since Exchange rate reform, the RMB to US dollar exchange rate frequently fluctuate up and down on either side of the reference rate, with ups and downs occurring alternately.
The last remittance measure before "8.11" exchange reform was conducted in 2005.  The appreciation of RMB against US dollars was substantial for the last 10 years.
Ever since the new exchange rate regime reform, the Chinese RMB has discontinued its appreciating; the central parity rate of RMB against market rate has dropped about 8% in a year.
On October 1 this year, the International Monetary Fund will formally accept the yuan, as one of SDR (Special Drawing Rights) currency types in the weighted basket.
The statistics released by China's General Administration of Customs this week showed that during the first 7 months of this year, the total value of China's imports and exports is CNY 13.21 trillion yuan and has been decreased by 3% over the same period last year.
In July, China's total import and export value fell only 0.9% year on year, especially exports grew 2.9% year on year.
Relevant experts believe that although the import and export in July have been stabilized, but we could not keep  the expectation too high.
In July, China's total import and export  is valued at 2.09 trillion yuan, down 0.9% year-on-year.
Among them, export of 1.22 trillion yuan, up 2.9 percent; imports 873 billion yuan, down 5.7 percent; trade surplus of 342.8 billion yuan, an increase of 34%.
Although the total value of imports and exports decreased yearly, but the export data has increased, which is the fifth consecutive month of export growth since March this year.
Shanghai police force has caught more than 3,400 thieves and shattered 157 street gangs.
In the process of detecting the case, the police also pursued and recovered the stolen money and goods totaling more than 330 million yuan.
According to the confession by theft gang members, they went into Shanghai through renting illegal taxis and then went off to commit crimes. After a few hours, they will meet in the car and left Shanghai together.
In the process of committing crime, the suspects often swept the floors  for theft  from top to bottom by climbing the external wall and breaking the window fences one building after another.
Recently, the suspects involved was transfered to Xuhui District Prosecutor's Office for prosecution by the Xuhui  Public Security Bureau .
Police advise the general public to lock doors and windows before heading out of their home, and as to the choice for anti-theft windows,  people should go for those made of harder steel.
In late August, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will go to Kenya to attend the Sixth African Development Conference, according to the Voice of China "News Evening".
The  African Development Conference was dominated by Japan. The previous five meetings were held either in Tokyo, Japan or Yokohama Japan, therefore this conference will be the first to be held in Africa.
Officials from Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Japan said the meeting held in Africa would be conducive to drawing more attention to Japan from  African and European countries.
In line with Shinzo Abe's visit, according to Kyodo news agency, the Japanese Liberal Democrats will send parliamentary groups to the countries concerned.
Japan's "often" road began in the early 90s of last century, and by the African-sponsored African Development Conference also began in 1993, this is not a coincidence!
Africa has 53 seats and plays a role of an important ticket warehouse in the United Nations, is there any reason why Japan gives up Africa if they want to "become a permanent member" of the United Nations?
and will also exchange opinions on strategies against  extreme organization "ISIS" and terrorist activities with relevant people from various countries.
"Western Group" will visit Sierra Leone, Liberia, Guinea Bissau and other seven countries.
Mr. Fumio Kishida, Minister for Foreign Affairs of Japan, has recently stated the intention at the UN Security Council meeting in regard to the international Conference of  African Development.
Abe has announced here that for the stability of sub-Saharan African countries, 100 billion yen (about 6.1 billion yuan) will be provided in a period of five years.
Observers generally believe that Japan has always had two purposes for Africa's generosity: first, to increase Japan's presence in Africa; and second, to win the support of African countries on its bid for a permanent UN security council seat.
Japanese problem expert, Yang Bojiang, said: “From a political perspective, although Africa relatively lagged behind, there are relatively many countries. Therefore, Japan has always regarded it as the so-called 'big vote pool.”"
From now on, Japan will not give up, and its diplomatic efforts with Africa will not falter, but continue to grow stronger.
Economically, Japan's domestic demand is relatively low because its production capacity is relatively strong, but the domestic market is relatively limited, especially in the context of the aging of the population,
However, from Junichiro Koizumi 10 years ago, to Abe 10 years after, during which Japan has repeatedly launched the "sprint", but returned defeated every time.
Japanese expert Yang Bojiang thinks that Japan's usual intention can be seen through at a glance, but often the road is bound to be difficult.
In order for Japan to achieve their goals, first of all, they have to have good ties with the neighboring countries, which includes, geopolitical competition or the national dispute and historical knowledge, Japan needs to have the correct attitude.
Early this morning, Haikou Admiralty Court filed a case to ensure the legitimate rights and interests of  litigants in LinGao fishing boat sinking accident.
Three of the crew killed; their relatives rushed to the Haikou Maritime Court at 4 AM on August the 7th and applied for property insurance and seizure of the suspect cargo ship before the lawsuit.
After the incident on the 4th, the alleged cargo ship was seized by the Maritime Bureau in Xiuying, Haikou to assist investigation.
In view of the Maritime Bureau 72 hours of detention period expires at 9:00 on August 7, the relatives of victims  filed a property preservation application in the morning of 7 to the court.
At 4:20 am, the applicant requested for attachment of the property prior to lawsuit and the  duty police officer helped him patiently.
The current forum is chaired by Prof. Cao Xianqiang, Executive Vice President of School of Politics and Public Administration, Shandong University.
What are the challenges upon government capacity brought in by economic globalization and integration?
How does state governance adapt to the changing world?
Mr. Deshang Fan will present a comprehensive analysis of the aforementioned issues at the appointed time.
Deshang Fan is a Ph.D. of Law in Peking University and a deputy director and secretary general of the Global Governance Research Center of Peking University. He was the director of the Cornell University office in Beijing.
The current research focuses on the profound changes in the global politics, economy, science and technology, culture and religion, and also on the opportunities and challenges these changes brought to national governance, leadership and global governance.
Traditional customs introduced a new bright spot "2016 Bon Culture Festival" Hong Kong Victoria Park opening
Gongs and drums of music, the traditional snacks, fancy decoration, the crowd raging scene.
Organized by the Hong Kong Chiu Chow Organization, the "2016 Yu Lan Festival" was held in Victoria Park from 12 to 14th, which is one of Hong Kong's most magnificent festival.
In addition to the continuation of the existing "robbing the one" game, it also increased the chance that families  can participate in the “parenting game of collecting basins.”
Not only it introduces the history of Hungry Ghost Festival in the form of comic books, there are also 3D selfie section with the festival theme, traditional snack area, and  mobile classroom for traditional arts on site, which brings together many young kids and foreign people to enjoy the fun .
A couple from France spent nearly three hours at the scene and had some fun in the mini mobile classroom teaching Flower Card game.
"I came across information about this special holiday on the Internet, so I decided to come and take a look. Well it is quite unique."
They remark that although there are ancestors honoring festivals like this in France as well, the atmosphere is much ponderous, nothing like here. Here you get music, food, and opportunities to learn traditional crafts.
She said, "it is marvelous to be able to witness such a large-scale and well organized ancestor worship ritual in a busy financial metropolis like Hong Kong."
"This not only reflects the diversity of Chinese culture, but also allows more people to understand these traditional craft and pass down them generation by generation."
Chief Organizer of the event, Yansong Hu said, "We do not want to put together a spooky Hungry Ghost Festival to scare people away, especially the younger kids. "
"We hope that through the youth activities and layout of the scene, young people would know that the Lan Lan Festival's culture is trying to express filial piety and thanksgiving."
He also said that this time a total of 24 teams will participate in "grab the solit race", which not only community organizations can participate, but also cooperate with some schools to allow students to participate.
It is understood that the Hong Kong fashion celebrity Bon Festival will be included in the "national intangible cultural heritage list" in 2011.
On the evening of the 11th, China National Peking Opera Company, traveling thousands of miles, to perform ‘Legend of the White Snake’ in Mexico city. They presented an authentic Peking Opera feast in Mexican National Palace for local people .
As the key show project of "Sino-Latin American Cultural Exchange Year", China National Peking Opera Theater has presented seven performance of Peking Opera in the Mexico City (capital of Mexico),  Córdoba, Juarez and other five cities from August 9 to 23.
The audience followed the ups and downs of the plot of the "White Snake" and enjoyed the performers' performance, sometimes smiling, sometimes enthusiastically applauding.
Marisa Jimenez Carjo, who watched Peking opera performance 15 years ago,  watched the performance with his daughter.
"This is a fantastic performance, and its music, lighting, stage performances impress me...... I think it is necessary to let my daughter understand the Chinese culture and Chinese opera art."
Mexican audience's enthusiasm left a deep impression  to the young White Lady actor,  Fu Jia.
"I never expected that Mexican audience was so enthusiastic. I had some worries about whether they could understand the story, but it was beyond my expectation to see them catch  the story and many punchlines today."
Chinese ambassador in Mexico Qiu Xiaoqi said that the activities of "Sino-Latin American Cultural Exchange" in this year has a positive effect on promoting the two countries' people to deepen understanding and enhance friendship.
Next year is the 45th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between China and Mexico, and there are going to be more cultural exchange activities held in China and Mexico.
Liu Cigui went to Sanya to inspect the "Shuangxiu, Shuangcheng" activity and called on to enhance the construction and management level of the city.
On the morning of 12th, Liu Cigui presided over the symposium and listened to the reports regarding Sanya City's "Shuangxiu" "Shuangcheng" pilot work progress  and the views and suggestions from relevant departments.
Cigui Liu fully affirms the current achievements and valuable experience and measures gained during the process of the pilot work.
Liu Tszguei  stressed that Sanya should hold the historic development opportunities tight, with "double repair" and "Shuangcheng" pilot work as an important starting point in the province's economic and social development to fully play the leading role in demonstrating projects.
To play a leading role in enhancing the international level in international tourism island, one needs to enrich international elements and  create international boutiques in details.
We should play a leading role in the urban and rural integration and global tourism, accelerates the construction of  the characteristic town,  integrate tourism into each project, and build every village and town in Sanya into tourist attractions.
We should play a leading role in "Invest 100 days and Serve for Society Activity" and promote the creation of significant projects and construction of the zone. We should ensure high-quality projects and implement the various requirements of the operations.
Provincial Standing Committee, Sanya Municipal Party Committee Secretary Zhang Qi, Vice Governor Wang Lu, the provincial government secretary Lu Zhiyuan to participate in research seminars.
In her 14 years of sporting career, Deng Yaping won a total of 18 world championships, becoming the first person in Chinese Olympic history who won four Olympic gold medals.
She has ranked world no.1 table tennis player for eight years and is a female athlete who holds  "world no.1" title with the longest span in the history of table tennis.
On September 26, 2010, he served as the Deputy First Secretary of the People's Daily and the CEO of the People's Search Network Co., Ltd. , cadres at department-level.
Recently, she will work together with Yu Minhong to build the first domestic sports industry innovation and business platform.
There is a group of celebrity trainers in China sports filed：They were extremely famous when they were athletes and helped the country win numerous proud awards. After retirement, they impart what they have learned for years to newcomers to nurture Chinese champions.
As the first Chinese men's gymnastics world champion, Huang Yubin chose to be a teacher after retirement.
From the women's team coach to the men's team coach, and then to the head coach, Huang Yubin created an "Olympic gold group", and led his team in the Beijing Olympic Games to win 9 gold 1 silver 4 copper medals.
Since then, Tian Liang has been doing advertising endorsement. He has even played "Cowherd", "Lei Feng" and other important roles in recent years.
Many NBA players have proved their strength.But along with the people who progress, there will be some who will decline.
Whether because of increasing age or limited playing time, some players will have regression in their  performance each season.
Of course, some “regression”  may just be the shrinkage of data. These players' strength may have not declined.
Wade  would not perform with Bulls  as good as he did with Heat, although he is still one of NBA's best shooting guard.
He  and Rondo composed of the back court whose shooting range is limited, leading star Butler's three point hit rate is only 32.8%, which makes their next season's attack be  very crowded.
Coming to the Wind City, the Flash Wede will certainly give more ball dominants to Butler and Rondo, he is likely to choose “healthy play"  in the regular season.
Okafor's situation is a little embarrassing, as the first pick out of 76ers last season, he now has to compete against Simmons and Enbiid in the new season for playing time and ball rights.
This competition may not come soon, because Simmons still need to get used to the NBA stadium environment,  and Enbiid also need to be fully recovered from the injury as soon as possible,  but it is still a question that if Okafor can obtain a position in the giant array of 76 people.
Last season, 32% of Okafor's score is from low post offense, which is higher than that of Cousins, Vucevic and Brook Lopez. And his usage percentage is also the top 40 in the league..
As Simmons has shown a great potential for a striker and Nbeide  has a body more suitable for the NBA game,  Okafor's position is not going to be as sturdy as before.
Over the past two seasons, Thompson's usage has stabilized in the league's top 20, and these are the best two seasons of his career as well.
But the problem is that as Durant joins the team, Thompson's playing time will decline, which is bound to affect his performance.
It will not only affect Thompson's number of shots, his  personal holding attack will certainly be greatly reduced in next season, which will, to some extent, reduce the difficulty of the opponent's defense on him.
Durant's arrival will certainly cause the Warriors' players' data to shrink, the most serious of which is probably Thompson's.
It doesn't mean Thompson's skill level is regressing, it seems more like that he sacrifices something in favor of his team.
Parker had a better performance than it looked on paper last season, not only because of his career high efficiency on low post, but also the benefits to the Spurs from his good chemistry with Aldrich.
Duncan retires, Ginobili announces that he would play for another year, the GDP combination eventually come to an end. As the youngest of three people, Tony Parke does not have much fuel left in his "French sports car tank ".
After getting the third championship ring, only Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Jordan and Russellby James won more regular season MVPs, while Jordan was the only one who had more FMVP than James.
Oh, yes, James has just brought the first professional sports championship trophy to Cleveland in the past 52 years.
In the 14th season of his career, James needs to better ensure physical strength, and get ready for the playoffs.
Therefore, in the regular season, James's point is likely to further decline, and he will let Owen to share more heavy loads. But he will still easily become one of the league's top three players.
"We must carry forward the talents and skills that we have learned from our country in Russia."
Local time on the 12th, Jing Huang, the president of the Moscow Overseas Chinese Association, told  the  China News Service reporter emotionally.
Not long ago, she participated in the "overseas Chinese culture community Chinese talent (calligraphy, painting) training" hosted by the Chinese State Council Overseas Chinese Affairs Office, and Jinan University.
At the beginning of training course, I totally did not know where to start my painting and calligraphy, but after the end of the course, I have already been able to draw and write my own works.
After returning to Moscow, we must  make our own contribution to the spread and promotion of Chinese culture, utilizing the knowledge and skills that we have acquired.
Russian Chinese Culture Association Secretary-General Yan Wei, who also attended this training course, also has the same feeling.
She said that she made huge progress with the help of the training teacher, and felt  the responsibility of being  an "oversea advocate of Chinese culture" at the same time.
Then Yan Wei said that when he returned to Russia, he would spread and bring awareness to the traditional Chinese culture to the Chinese as well as those who love the Chinese culture in Russia.
At 19:35 today, in a game of the 22nd rounds of Chinese Football Association Super League, Chongqing Lifan Football Club played away from home against Beijing Guo'an Football Club.
At the 29th minutes, Dong Wang scored one point by penalty kick; 10 minutes later with assistance by Fernando, Kardec, the new foreign aid, score his first goal in Chinese Football Association Super League; at the  81th minute, Guo'an team kicked a winner.
After 10 minutes of the game, Lifan attacked continuously and obtained many opportunities for corner kick. Fernando made a struck at a small angle to the bottom, but was kicked off the bottom line by the defender of Guo'an.
At 15th minute, Zhang Shuizhi straight passed in the midfield while Yilmaz had been straight sprinting into the penalty area, and Liu Yu  got a head start destorying the ball over his leg alone.
One minute later,  Pak Sung-Hyok made forward runs  in the left wing  and centered the ball. Yu Dabao drove in the penalty area but failed to shot on target, and Lifan's goalkeeper Deng Xiaofei took the ball.
Fernando suddenly passed the ball to the front of goal while facing two defenders on the right wing. Kardec was tackled down by Lei Tenglong  when trying to catch the pass. The referee sentenced a penalty kick, and showed a yellow card to Lei Tenglong.
Guo'an club made its first substitution  37 minutes after the match started, with Xiaobin Zhang out and Chiming Zhang in to play against his former team.
Karl Dick broke the loose and crossed the ball at the penalty area. Fernando made a low center from the left side of the penalty area and Karl Dick take advantage of this opportunity and took the goal.
This is also Calderick who scored in the Super starting event, leading Lifan to have a 2: 0 lead.
The second half had just opened and Fernando on the forced break won a right side free kick, but unfortunately the ball struck high on the goal because of the narrow angle.
After Xiaofei Deng was booked for delaying play and shown a yellow card,  Xinli Peng came off the bench and later received a yellow card as well for foul near the penalty area.
At the 56th minute, Zhang Chiming cut in the middle from the left, passed the ball in cooperation with Zhang Xizhe,  and his curve-ball  shooting was blocked out by Deng Xiaofei.
Yu Liu tackled Kelimetz fiercely before the penalty area. He received one yellow card short after emotional Dong Wang.
At the 63th minute, Fernando was running on the right wing but knocked over by Kelimetz. Fernando was very dissatisfied with  Kelimetz's move. Kelimetz received a yellow card.
In the next minute, Fernando showed his ability to attack on the right again. Yu Dabao received a yellow card from defending him.
Ilmaz  broke through in the penalty area but fell down by Zheng Yorong, who tackled the ball with his leg. Ilmaz took the set piece by the referee and scored. Lifan 2, GuoAn 1.
At the 86-minute mark, Zhou Ting from the right passed to the center, Sergeyev stopped the ball with his chest while in the penalty area and took advantage of the opportunity to shoot.  Deng Xiaofei again made a wonderful save and knocked the ball out.
After the 4-minute stoppage time, Lifan team kept 2-1 to the end and defeated Guo'an team in the road game.
After gaining the three valuable points, presently  Lifan has a total of 27 points and is No.10 in ranking.
As expert of  Bundesliga Asian media partners,  Lehman will participate in a variety of local fan activities.
It is reported that this fall, the Bundesliga League ambassadors Lyman and Matthaeus will headline the Bundesliga Legends Tour stops in Asia and the Americas as outpost for the 2016-17 Bundesliga.
The event will include four top cities across two continents, where they will launch a campaign of publicity for the new season with fans.
The Bundesliga is known as one of the five major European leagues (Premiership, La Liga, Serie A, Bundesliga, France), and is the flagship event of the German football industry.
As one of the world's most powerful league, the Bundesliga tournament attracted about 13.3 million spectators to the stadium with just the 2014-2015 season.
FC Bayern Munich, the iconic top team of German Bundeslig, BVB and famous marquee players, such as Thomas Müller, Lahm, Götze and so on, are widely known in China.
By opening accounts on the Weibo, Youku and WeChat Chinese platform, Bundesliga hopes to provide a more extensive and convenient channel for Chinese fans to obtain the latest news of the league.
The British team took the silver medal in the 7-man Rugby game and the Fiji team won the gold medal
In the seven-man rugby final on Thursday evening, the British team failed to continue to perform well in front of the Fiji team, and was defeated by the Fiji team with a score of 43 to 7 at Rio Teodoro Stadium.
Fiji won the gold medal through controlling the ball, steals, avoidance, cooperation, running and strength, which is the first ever Olympic medal in the country's history.
For the British team defeated by their opponents, a silver medal was also a small comfort, that was the third silver medal won by the British team on the same day.GB rugby team  could be proud of their efforts in the inaugural Olympic 7s tournament in which they beat New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa along the way.
Earlier in the day, the British team narrowly won the South African team with a score of 7-5, which could have affected their performance in the finals.
But in any case, the current Fiji team is enough to beat a full 15 person team.
Tomorrow, at least one of the British will win a gold medal, which may be a comfort to the British team, or may be not.The British is Ben Ryan, Fiji's chief coach for Wimbledon, who used to serve as the British team's chief coach.
It is not easy for the British team to achieve today's results.
Eight years ago, under Ryan, they lost every game at the Adelaide Sevens
And now, they are only one step away from the championship.
Although there has been a huge blow, the progress has been amazing.
Fiji team gained ground at the beginning, making the British team can not fight back at all.
For Tom Mitchell and his teammates, this is like running up against a line of moving buses.When Ochen Collinsso charged into the flag area, the world championship team is already 5 to 0 in the lead.
Only four minutes after the game began, Jerry Tuohua touched down in the right wing again.
12 to 0, and British team almost did not hit the ball.
Mitchell's strong  tackle stopped a third goal attempt by the mountain-like Leone Nakarawa, but that was merely a slight delay in Fiji's winning.
On seven minutes, Jasa Veremalua touched down in the right corner. 17 to 0, the British team's situation worsens.
Nakarawa scores another point, and there is still one minute left ... in the first half of the game.
Then, Wattmo Lavo broke the British defense, went straight to scoring line.
At the half-time break, the score was already 29 to 0.
Fijians people seem to be born to play Rugby sevens and the British team is still fledgling.
This is the case.
Team GB made a huge change in the second half and attacked the defense of Fiji team for four whole minutes. They played some good stuff  for the first half.But the Fiji team has played a wonderful game after, and scored again by Joshua Tuasulia.
Dan Norton grabbed a try for GB, touching down in the left corner to make it 36-7 but the game was long gone the way of the South Sea Islanders whose fans sang, waved flags and danced in the stands.
Fiji's wonderful performance has to be applauded.
Martha William at the last minute defended the Fiji team's indifferent attack.
The final whistle sounded, the Fijians embraced, and the defeated British team could only regretfully exit.
Earlier in the day, Fiji defeated the Japanese team in the semifinals by 20 to 5, while the British won against the South African team in a fierce semi-final match.
Kyle Brown helped the South African team gain the lead in the first half, but Dan Norton scored in the second half with his excellent footwork.
After the England team's member Anthony's brother Marcus Watson ensured the team's victory with a wonderful interception, the British team eventually won the silver medal.
Being inspired by their cancer-stricken coach, Helen Graf and Heather Stanning won the gold medal in the women's pair.
It's not an exaggeration to say that this is the most touching gold medal.
From the first stroke to the last, 220 punishing heaves, Helen Glover and Heather Stanning  added remarkable meaning in their gold medal at Estacio da Lagoa.
Although there were only two of them rowing, there was another voice in that boat, the voice of coach Robin Williams ever accompanied them as they charged to a second Olympic gold in the women’s pairs, the first female duo in the history of British sport to reach such a height.
They have maintained a 39 unbeaten record, with an absolute advantage.
What we're seeing is that these two talented athletes are gracefully moving forward on the water, however it does not represent the whole of this victory.
Behind each row of gold medals there are many people who volunteer to help, it is their constant dedication that creates a difference, and the biggest help is no other than the coach who found out 30 months ago that he has cancer, and does not know whether he will live to see the day his charges succeed.
Just as he said, death may come at any time.
I got bladder cancer and they performed surgery on me.
If you choose to go without surgery, cancer cells will spread around the entire body.
In this way, the situation will be much worse.
This will change your opinion slightly.
Williams was diagnosed with cancer in December 2013.
Fortunately, he received treatment in early 2014 and minimized the impact of the sickness, although it may inappropriate to say that in this circumstance.
I need to get my paycheck, so I must get better ASAP.
It is an encouragement for me.
I stay in the hospital. Although they say a few steps will do,  I still walk around the ward for 20 feet, 30 feet, even 50 feet every time.
This is the starting point for everything.
The rowing exercise itself is a journey, which makes this journey a little longer.
At the moment of winning the gold medal, the person who they first had in mind was Williams.This morning, Williams was slightly more talkative than usual, in order to overcome his anxiety.
Stanning, the hence-Captain of the Royal Artillery,  will leave for Afghanistan shortly.  She said: "I had been in a very bad mood this week, may be a bit unusual, but this gold medal in deed means so much to me."
It tells me over and over how important this is for me, and how much effort Helen, Robin and I have made for this.
This is the result that Helen, Robin and I worked hard for in the last three years.
Without Robin, we would just be nobody. We  appreciate him very much, and he is the best coach in the world.
I can not find a better trainer and coach than him.
Helen Graff and Heather Steinning have not lost in five years.
The punishment intensity caused by the combination is something their opponents can not match with.
Even at the last 500 meters,  when rivals from New Zealand and Denmark began to catch up, Stanning  and Glover still had a lot of physical reserves.
It was thrilling at the time.
Helen shouted: "keep the rhythm, keep the rhythm."
Not being affected by the opponent is indeed very important.
We have a good start, and we are not looking forward to doing anything earth-shattering.
We did not think about the glory of today, we just wanted to draw every paddle and win the game, and we did it.
This combination took a year to decide their own future.
Glover will marry to TV adventurer Steve Backshall next month.
But now, she just wants to enjoy the moment.
I didn't want to say that this was my last game.
That will put two much pressure on me.
In London, it took me about six months to realize that I was an Olympic champion.
This is a whole new experience, and I feel very nervous.
Now, about four minutes has passed.
She said, "I feel much better."
Take a peek at the stunning structure of the Los Angeles Central Library.
American Art Historian Society Southern California Branch and the authors of new book <Los Angeles Central Museum: the history of its art and architecture> Arnold Swartzman and Stephen Ji held a salon.Visitors can learn more about the history of the central library located in the city center through this event.
Stephen Schwarzman will discuss and share the 1926 design of Bertrand Goodrich and the repair and expansion of the 1943 Hardy Holzman Fowler office.
The time for the salon: 2 pm to 4 pm on August 21. Location: Salle Moderne, Art Deco Southwestern School of Law (formerly Bullocks Wilshire), 3050 Wilshire Blvd.
Participants can visit the Central Hall, Times Gallery, Cactus Lounge and Tea Room.
Need to book in advance; SAHSCC members: $ 15; non-members: $ 25.
An open, industrial loft in DTLA's gets a cozy remodel.
Celebrate the 90th anniversary of the Los Angeles Central Library and the release of the new book.
An inflation first appeared in Bulgaria in the last 8 months.
National statistics show that Bulgaria's monthly inflation rate was 1% in July.
This is the highest inflation rate in several years (since June 2012).Last year in October (inflation rate of 0.2%), the inflation rate for the first time exceeded zero.
The average annual inflation rate (measured by the consumer price index) for the past 12 months (August 2015 to July 2016) compared to the previous 12 months (August 2014 to July 2015) decreased by 0.8%.
Compared to June 2016, the consumer price index for July 2016 was 101.0%, or the monthly inflation rate was 1.0%.
The rate of inflation so far this year (July 2016 vs. December 2015) is -0.2%.Compared with July 2015, the annual inflation rate of as July 2016 is -0.2%.
Compared to last month, the prices of the following categories of consumer goods rose in July 2016: food and non-alcoholic beverages (1.7%), traffic (1.8%), entertainment and culture (6.3%), restaurants and hotels (1.2%), other goods and services (0.3%).
The price dropped for clothing and footwear (2.2%), furniture, home appliances and regular maintenance (0.5%), medical (0.1%).
The prices of alcoholic beverages, tobacco, house, water, electricity, natural gas and other fuels, communication and education are flat compared with last month,
Snapchat ‘Anime’ Effect Is Criticized as Asian Caricature
Snapchat says this filter is inspired by anime, but some observers say it’s racially insensitive.
Snapchat's 150 million day-to-day users can change reality through their filter tools and make their faces funny.
You can turn yourself into a pineapple, a dog or a character in a Roy Lichtenstein movie.
These lenses have the effect of blurring the edges, and bending characteristics, resulting in more than 30 million modified selfies.
Any mistakes will be immediately noticed by the public.
Snapchat filters have been criticized, the application is accused of promoting the idea that black or white skin is beautiful.
Thus, when the application provided some users with a filter that could create oblique, dull, and pink face effects, some critics saw it as a racial slur to the Asian "yellow" races.
They even think that if the recurring problems mean that the company has a bigger problem in diversity.
The outrage went wide on Wednesday, with reports by The Verge and Motherboard, after Snapchat said it had dismantled the feature.
The company's explanation is that it is a tribute to anime characters and not meant to mock Asians.
But for observers who have experienced racism, the lens reminded them of hurtful stereotypes in action.
Other people are also firmly opposed to these cartoon images.
In an email,  a Korean American art student whose tweet about the photos was widely shared said that the lens was “hurtful and uncomfortable to say the least.”
She also said: "It is difficult to distinguish between the extremely disgusting Asian satire and the effect of the filter."
Although the filter does not just have Asians (people with yellow skin), but they are extremely belittled.
Snapchat is not the only company that touches these cultural bottom lines.
From the company's board of directors to Hollywood and the equipment we carry, American culture seems to have been promoting diversity and inclusiveness.
The huge population of younger generation in Snapchat pays more attention to the diversity of races than the older one, so they may likely to be more sensitive about it.
When a filter in Snapchat produced an image insulting its user, 25-year-old Zhu Kaidi in an interview on Thursday said: "Compared to the past, this sort of things is more difficult to escape from our eyes."
On Thursday, Ms. Zhu, a product manager and engineer who works for Medium, decided to delete her Snapchat account and encouraged others to do the same.
In an essay for Medium and in a telephone interview, she said she believed that the race-related controversies reflected a lack of diversity in hiring practices at Snapchat.
Ms. Zhu criticized that majority of the company's employees are white and all the leadership are men. She added a tag at the end of the article: #DeleteSnapchat.
“It’s either that they had no diverse representation of people of color on their staff to the point where they’re able to make decisions like this, ” Ms. Zhu, who is Chinese-American, said, “or they do have some people of color who are working there, but they’re not on positions where they feel safe or comfortable to speak up.”"
Other observers shared that she had complained about the lack of reply from Snapchat.
The company has not released any data on employee diversity, claiming that it is a private company.
On Thursday, Snapchat refused to discuss the racial background of its employees. However, a spokesman said that the company had recently hired a recruiter to focus on underrepresented  groups and to promote  inclusiveness.
Ms. Zhu said she would deactivate her Snapchat account, adding, “I wonder if they actually need more users like us to be able to say that this is not O.K.”"
The Congress Committee said that the military officials distorted the intelligence of ISIS.
Officials from the United States Central Command altered intelligence reports to portray a more optimistic picture of the war against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria than actual events on the ground warranted, a congressional panel said in a report issued on Thursday.
The interim report, from a task force established by the Republican chairmen of the House Armed Services Committee, Intelligence Committee and Defense Appropriations Subcommittee.The  report found “widespread dissatisfaction” among Central Command intelligence analysts, who said superiors were falsifying their assessments of American efforts to defeat the Islamic State.
The CENTCOM's main headquarters located in Tampa, Florida, is the military headquarters responsible for overseeing US military operations in the Middle East and Central Asia.
According to a report on the news, “the intelligence products approved by senior CENTCOM leaders offers a more positive portrayal about the US anti-terrorism action than the actual situation and are always more positive than the analysis from other intelligence offices."
Representative  of Republican of California said: “ Centcom's behavior is unacceptable."Our war fighters suffer from war when bad analysis is presented to senior policy makers. "
The leadership issue of the Central Command Department has been extended to the top level of the agency.
The report detailed persistent problems in 2014 and 2015 in Central Command’s description and analysis of American efforts to train Iraqi forces.
While there is no definitive evidence that senior officials of the Obama administration have ordered the change of these reports, according to the report's description, these analysts feel that they are under pressure from the Central Command leaders to force them to treat the Islamic countries (ISIS or ISIL) with more optimistic views.
The report said, "in the first half of 2015, many of the Central Command press releases, statements and congressional testimony are much more optimistic than the actual situation."
For example, an official from Central Command publicly stated that it would  undertake a major military operation in April or May 2015 to recover Mosul.
Mosul, the second largest city in Iraq, is still under the control of the Islamic state.
“After months of investigation, the result is very clear,” Representative Mike Pompeo, Republican of Kansas, said in a statement."
From mid-2014 to mid-2015, most of the high-level intelligence officers of the US Central Command manipulated the intelligence and concealed the threat from the Islamic state of Iraq.
Republicans created the task force after learning that analysts had raised concerns that intelligence about the Islamic State was being manipulated.
As the investigation goes forward, more discoveries will emerge in the wake of the report released on Thursday.
The Inspector General of the Department of Defense is also conducting a long-term thorough investigation into the Central Command.
Democratic members of the House Intelligence Committee released their own findings on Thursday that agreed with some of the conclusions of the Republican task force.
Representative Adam B. Schiff, the committee’s top Democrat, said in a statement that Central Command created an overly insular process for producing intelligence assessments on ISIS and Iraqi Peacekeeping Forces between 2014 and 2015.
Mr. Xie said that the process "hindered the release of intelligence", reduced the morale of the analyst and "could not accept different opinions.""
But Mr. Anderson and the Democrats also said they did not find any evidence to prove that the White House tried to put pressure on the Central Command's analysts, making their conclusions be in line with "the presuppositions or political narratives.""
The Beast Daily reported on the preliminary result from the congress' investigation on Tuesday.
Last August, The New York Times reported the existence of the Pentagon inspector general investigation, opened after complaints by Centcom analysts.
Lt. Cmdr. Patrick Evans, a Pentagon spokesman, said in a statement that the Defense Department would not comment on the congressional report while the inspector general’s investigation continued.
But he said: "Experts sometimes diverge on the interpretation of complex data, and intelligence agencies and the Department of Defense encourage healthy dialogue on these important national security themes."
The impact of the investigation has gone beyond the question of whether the US-led bombing operation in Iraq and Syria is succeeding or not (a claim made by a growing number of defense officials).
But last year, these claims led the public to question the extent to which President Obama could trust the military operations' assessment of Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya and other crisis areas issued by the Central Command.
The critiques on the Islamic State intelligence mirror disputes of more than a decade ago, when a Centcom intelligence analyst, Gregory Hooker, wrote a research paper saying that the administration of President George W. Bush, over many analysts’ objections, advocated a small force in Iraq and spent little time thinking about what would follow the 2003 invasion.
Mr. Hooker also played a key part in the insurrection over the Islamic intelligence.
Some officials commented last year that the announcement by Mr. Hook's team was quite different from the public statement. Mr. Hook's team concluded that the air strikes targeting at the oil refineries controlled by ISIS did not significantly disrupt the revenue of terrorist organizations because the terrorist organization built makeshift refineries  and continued selling fuel on the black market.
According to <Time magazine>'s report in September, the Central Command did not announce the discovery.
The central commander, Lloyd Austin III, was criticized strongly last year after several lawyers examined the Senate testimony over an overly optimistic assessment of the war.
General Austin retired in April and is currently being replaced by Joseph Walter in his position at the Central Command.
The United States won four times in a row in the women's hockey game, and will compete with the British soon
Katie Bam, who had scored three goals to beat Japan, 6-1, scored the first two goals in the American women hockey team's 3-0 victory over India on Thursday night.
27-year-old Bam impressed people with five goals in two games, but when she was asked if she had ever done that, she said she didn't know.
She said: "I knew nothing about this"."
I'm not the kind of person who  remembers the number of  goals.
What she knows is that the US team has made four straight victories in the Olympic Games so far and will compete with the British team, which has yet to be defeated after winning the Japanese team with a score of 2-0, for first place on Thursday.
Britain and the United States met in the first round of the final competition on Saturday.
Both teams qualify for the quarter-finals, and the game will decide who will appear as the first group.
First-place finisher would be in position to avoid the powerful Netherlands for a little longer.The Netherlands team advances with another first-place finisher.
During Saturday's game, the US team created a miracle with their amazing performance.It should be known that four years ago at the London Olympics, the US team was the last of 12 teams.
Bam was also in the team at that time.
Bam grew up in Blue Bell, Pennsylvania, first picked up a field hockey stick when she was 3 (her older twin sisters played the sport at Drexel), and joined the national team when she was 16, becoming the youngest team member ever.
She missed the 2008 Olympic Games because she was not selected for the final list.
In 2012, she and her teammates are looked upon favorably.
In the second year,  British Craig Panam served as chief  coach, and everything began to change.
Bam said: "This is a culturally, mentally and substantially change."
We had not reached the current level at that time in London.
We have made a completely turnaround.
On Thursday night, Bam  opened the scoring in the first half with a backhand shot from close in.
India in the current game has not yet won one victory, but the team showed a staggering tenacious fighting spirit and  maintained the score until the end of the third quarter, then Bum broke out.
She ran with the ball along the left side of the stadium for a long distance, cut into the middle, and pumped the ball into the net; the US team was in the lead with 2 to 0.
Melissa Gonzalez scored the last goal in the middle of the fourth quarter.
The shutout was the first of the tournament for the United States goalkeeper, Jackie Briggs, who had allowed one goal in each of the team’s first three victories.
This time she played extraordinarily.
So is Bam .
Panam said: "We are now in a very good position."But it depends on the result of  the game on Saturday to determine how good it is.
The Poor Food during Depression Period in ‘A Magnificent Meal’.
In March 1933, shortly after ascending to the presidency, Franklin Delano Roosevelt sat down to lunch in the Oval Office.
As a gastronome, President Roosevelt perfers the foods on Fifth Avenue,  such as pâté de foie gras and Maryland terrapin soup.
His menu that day was more humble: deviled eggs in tomato sauce, mashed potatoes and, for dessert, prune pudding.
“It was an act of culinary solidarity with the people who were suffering,” Jane Ziegelman said. "
Her husband, Andrew, added: "This also reflects the American way of eating."
The couples living in the Brooklyn Highlands are food historians.
Mr. Ke's last book, "Chop Suey", is about American Chinese food. And Ms. Siegman tells her story about the lives of slumers in her book "97 Orchard".
Their new, collaborative work, “A Square Meal,” which will be published Tuesday by Harper, is a history of American food in the Great Depression.
Showing some culinary solidarity of their own, they met a reporter for dinner at Eisenberg’s Sandwich Shop.This no-frills lunch counter in the Flatiron district that has been in business since the year of the crash, 1929.
Ms. Ziegelman, 54 years old, ordered a cream cheese and chopped olive sandwich, while Mr. Coe, 57 years old, ordered the turkey, mashed potatoes and vegetable medley.
When the reporter ordered meatloaf, the couple deemed it fitting for a discussion of Depression-era eating.
Ms. Zigman said: "At that time, bread was very popular."
There was peanut loaf, liver loaf and bean loaf.
They are all made with one food ingredient and a topping that you can pour over.
Imagine your dinner is all peanuts.
Mr. Ke made a funny face.
He said: "They must be hurtful, like lead in your stomach."
In the years before the Great Depression, the American Dayton was a buffet, especially in the suburbs.
A group of women cook for male farm workers,  freshly baked pies in all three meals.
During the war, it was the Americans who sent food to the starving Europeans."The feast" records how the country suddenly ceased to be a prosperous place.
“That was a time when food became a unpleasant topic for the American people. ” Mr. Coe said, explaining why he and his wife wanted to write about it."
Equally fraught was the new budget diet: Mystery dishes like loaves and casseroles became staples, the casserole a “wonderful way to repurpose leftovers,” Ms. Ziegelman noted, because cooks could hide unappetizing ingredients under a creamy coating of sauce.
Fresh fruit is replaced by cheap dried fruit.
Meat, for years the center of the American meal, became a sparingly apportioned luxury.
This strange hodgepodge only consider calories compared to taste. Even in basic common sense cooking, people first consider nutrition.
In researching the book, which includes a variety of  recipes, Ms. Ziegelman prepared a period dish of baked onion stuffed with peanut butter.
Mr. Ke said: "This is not common on the dinner table."
Ms. Zigman said: "This is too strange."
Peanut butter and baked onions are not a good match.
This is the unique point of many family-run restaurants.
Family economists have influenced the country's eating habits, such as Luis Stanley, who was the chef of the Federal Family Economic Council from 1923 to 1943, which is historically unique.
They publish recipes and articles in newspapers and magazines, encourage women to "spend wisely" and have the courage to transfer awful food like creamy pasta with carrots into delicious dishes.
"Rich meal" is a rich "historical delicacy".
What is particularly interesting is the government's response to the hungry crowd, such as the "I can't manage other people's affair" attitude from President  Herbert Hoover.
While he publicly praised the simple Iowa farmhouse of his childhood, he dined like the millionaire sophisticate he had become.
Mr. Ke said: "I like to eat European-style Western food, such as fish with cucumber sauce."
He dressed in an evening dress and dined in a gilded restaurant.
He is clearly disengaged of the people.
If not for his wife Eleanor  who encouraged him to set an example on the diet, President Roosevelt could have made the same mistake.
As the book says, the steward employed by Ms. Roosevelt has no interest in the taste, so the food in the White House is not only the most unpalatable food in Washington, but also the food made by worst cook. "
When the United States back to track, many of the cooking method invented during the Great Depression was abandoned.
Ms. Zigman said the legacy is our focus on calories and nutrition,  and the application of science to cooking.
The couple said that when they were writing this book, they gained greater understanding of the eating habits of Ms. Ziegelman’s mother — like how she did not throw food away.
“She had a real fear of food waste,” Mr. Coe said."
Ms. Ziegelman recalled: “She actually got people sick."
For example, there was the "cream puff" incident.
After removing the plate, she and her husband took out a dessert that was prepared at home: it was the fruit pudding that President Roosevelt had eaten at lunch.
“It’s called prune whip, ” Ms. Ziegelman said, "adding that it was a common trick to give modest recipes a snazzy name.
There was no whipped cream, just prunes, a little bit of flour, sugar, water and cinnamon.
Everyone reluctantly sprays the deep sticky brown paste.
Surprisingly, the taste of this dessert was not bad.
Mr. Ke then had a second spoonful, after that another.
He felt it is an acceptable and affordable dessert, and told his wife, “Some chopped walnuts would help.”"
Unfortunately,  according to OPEC's latest monthly report,  crude oil production in July continues to climb up and the production in Saudi Arabia hit a new record high.
The report causes the market doubt the credibility of OPEC. The road to recover oil price is still full of thorns.
On Monday, OPEC Chairman and Qatar Energy Minister Sada said OPEC will hold an informal meeting during the International Energy Forum on September 26-28.
OPEC Wednesday's monthly report shows that the production from the entire OPEC organization, including Gabon,  rose from 46 thousand barrels / day to 33.11 million barrels / day in July.
OPEC also said in the monthly report, low crude oil prices have prompted the global refinery to produce more refined oil, thus increasing the degree of excess supply to the market.
Affected by this news, coupled with the fact that the United States raised crude oil expected volumes of production and an unexpected increase in crude oil inventories, international oil prices fell for two consecutive days.
As of Wednesday's close, the price of light crude oil futures which will be delivered by New York Mercantile Exchange in September fell 2.48%, the price of  London Brent crude oil futures which will be delivered in October fell 2.07%.
Reuters believes that the proposed oil-producing countries meeting is unlikely to significantly tighten supply, the data the US Energy Information Administration published can also suppress the market sentiment.
Iran's official news agency Fars on Wednesday quoted Iranian oil minister Zangan's speak that Iran's daily crude oil production is up to 3.85 million barrels, which is the highest level since 2008.
As soon as the news of the meeting came out, the Minister of Energy of Russia Novak said that  there was no necessary to launch a new round of negotiation about the oil production freeze in terms of current oil price.
The last meeting of the oil-producing countries was already a matter of April, and OPEC members failed to reach settlement on any measures in that meeting.
Emma Richards, an oil and gas analyst at BMI Research, said the market and the media could react excessively to OPEC's meeting.
Helima Croft, head of commodity strategy at Royal Bank of Canada, said that the OPEC will change the market sentiment by releasing the signal indicating they are willing to make the agreement.
The means draws people's attention away just like the way a smoke or a mirror does (deliberately giving a false impression).
Eugen Weinberg, director of commodity research at the German Commercial Bank, said the possibility of OPEC trying to stabilize the market through the September meeting was low.
This is likely to further weaken the market's confidence in OPEC. After all, this organization cried "wolf" once.
All localities should be focused on medical institutions  in this spot check who has issued illegal medical advertising,  has been frequently complained on the past and has repeatedly been punished.
National Health Commission and the State Administration of Traditional Chinese Medicine will be organizing timely supervisions on the carry-out of supervision and inspection work of some provinces.
According to media disclosure, the large influx of capital into the Internet medicine has resulted in a serious problem of current product homogeneity. investment boom has faded gradually, and capital has got into the wait-and-see period.
According to the data of Hong Kong Ai Li Pi Hospital Management Research Center, a large number of  Internet medical company established within a year died, about 20% of the start-up Internet medical business has ceased to exist.
However, while the majority of Internet medical companies are struggling in the A or B round of financing, there are several areas that can still lead an enterprise to acquiring capital.
It seems not wise to rush into the online healthcare industry. The key to success is to forecast potential market demand, and to specialize in just some areas.
Diving invested 12 million yuan, accounting for 40% of the registered capital, Kyushu Tong equipment company invested 18 million yuan, accounting for 60% of registered capital.
In recent years, with the country's medical information policy support, electronic, integrated supply chain management system gradually into all levels of hospitals.
The cooperation between Yule and Kyushu is aimed at the needs of the market, helping the hospital to build advanced supply chain management system, and as an opportunity to seek more cooperation.
Different from a lot of Internet medical companies, iBaby was initially focused on the Internet obstetrics vertical fields and deeply reaching out to both pregnant women and doctors .
Pregnant women can enjoy not only free 24-hour one-on-one inquiries with the primary doctor, but also paid medical counseling with specialists.
At the doctor's side, iBaby breaks the geographical restrictions by taking the form of micro-lectures by organizing experts to give grassroots doctors an on-line lecture, peer exchange, case discussion and so on.
At present the doctor front section opens three plates,  which respectively  is doctors' continual education, doctors' social and doctors' seeking for help.
The provided services include online learning, patient case discussions, academic exchange, social platform for doctors from within or across departments within a same hospital, legal aid and entrepreneur support needed by doctor-patient relationship or personal life.
According to media reports, CEO Wang Lei recently said Ali is healthy and that he is "willing to concentrate" to win big health data.
Internet companies and data companies lack expertise and can't agree on a way to write the same entry.
Ali's current layout in the field of medical health is divided into three parts, they are Ali Health, Tmall Medicine Shop and Alipay Future Hospital.
Wang Lei admitted that medical and health startups will be more difficult than other industries, "This is not only about how much money you'll invest in, but also about the determination, loneliness and patience required in the process."
Staying up all night watching the Olympic games can easily harm your heart
Brazil Olympic Games race is in full swing, even if the event is broadcast in the middle of the night in China, many people will stay up late to watch.
In this regard,  doctors remind public that staying up late watching games might be bad for your health,  raising risk of cardiovascular disease.
If you stay up all night long, a lot of this hormone will be secreted. The body will continue to be in a state of intense excitement, and cannot return to normal, which makes it easier for vasoconstriction and high blood pressure to occur; thus resulting in cardiovascular disease.
Zhiyuan Han reminds that staying up late might cause cardiovascular disease especially for people with high blood pressure, high blood sugar, high blood lipids, smoking habits, family history and other cardiovascular risk factors.
If you stay up late, not only is your cardiovascular function affected, but also your gastrointestinal function, immune system, neuroendocrine system will be affected, and even the risk of cancer will increase.
For elder friends, Han Zhiyuan suggested them not to stay up late to watch the Olympic Games, especially those with histories of cardiovascular disease.
During the last "World Cup" football match, Han Zhiyuan saw a 60-year-old patient, who had an onset of myocardial infarction or it could be due to staying up late watching the game.
Han Zhiyuan introduced that, since this year, his departments have admitted some 25-year-old myocardial infarction or stroke patients, which is largely due to life style of long-term staying late.
1. Do not stay up all night everyday, occasionally stay up all night watching favorite sports is okay, but you might want to wait until the next day to watch the event replay.
2. Get adequate liquid supplement from time to time if you stay up all night, eating more serving of fruit can help prevent blood clots and enhance the body immunity.
News on August 12 in Beijing time said that, 2016 Rio Olympic women's 50 meters rifle three positions finals, Chinese veteran Du Li won the bronze medal.
Du Li became the Olympic four-generation veteran, with a total of two gold, one silver and one bronze medal in four Olympic Games.
In 1998, he entered the Shandong Province shooting team and followed Wang Dewen coach for professional shooting training.
In June 2003, she participated in women's 10m air rifle match in  World Cup Croatia station, won the gold medal and broke the world record with 504.9 points.
In August 2004, she won the women's 10-meter air rifle gold medal, which was the first gold medal won by the Chinese team at the Athens Olympics.
On August 2008, the Olympic record was broken and a gold medal earned in the 50 meters sports rifle three posture game with a total score of 690.3 rings.
In August 2012, after the London Olympic Games, Du Li announced the application for a temporary retirement to the International Union.
In January 2015, Du Li announced her return to the national team and began training, preparing for the Rio Olympic Games.
In March 2016, Rio Olympic trials ended. After a lapse of 8 years, she once again won the women's 10 meters air rifle Olympic qualifying.
Du Li won the silver medal with 207 points in the Rio women's 10m air rifle final on August 6, 2016
In the Rio Olympic women's 50 meters rifle three-posture competition on August 12, 2016, she won a bronze medal.
The movie is expected to debut early next year in the CCTV and LeTV, and is also the first ever to launch a VR panoramic documentary version.
The documentary "Polar" is a large-scale work that focuses on the third pole of the Earth's Qinghai-Tibet Plateau, with a new perspective on Tibetan traditions and modern blend and the story of the interaction between Tibet and the world.
VR works' biggest advantage is to allow the audience to have a unique  "immersion" while viewing the movie, and this has also made for higher standards for the shooting process.
The  Panorama VR special edition production team of <Polar> said that they want to ensure that every aspect of the screen are impeccable, so that the audience has the feeling of being immersive.
August 11, Snipers of Yantai detachment of Shandong Contingent of Armed Police Force held jungle training sessions in Kunyu Mountain at a high temperature of 34 degree Celsius.
During the Cold War, the Soviet Union conveyed missiles into Cuba, which almost made the US and the Soviet Union come to the brink of a nuclear war.
This event is seen as the peak of the cold war, known as the " The Cuban missile crisis."
But little is known that during the Cold War, a powerful solar storm has nearly led the United States to the brink of nuclear war with the Soviet Union. This incident didn't open to the public until being announced by researchers for the first time on August 9.
On May 23, 1967, a strong solar storm caused strong interference to the radar and radio communications of the US military in the Arctic.
These radars are part of the US Ballistic Missile Early Warning System for monitoring Soviet missiles.
This paper was written by researchers at the University of Colorado, who interviewed US military personnel involved in the forecasting and analysis of solar activity and reviewed non-confidential documents.
According to the paper, the US Air Force had kept some of their fighters which contained nuclear warheads flying in the sky in order to prevent the Soviet Union from suddenly launching a nuclear war in the 1960s.
The US military commander didn't know that the interference was made by the solar storm rather than the Soviet Union, so he ordered the fighters to get into the combat readiness state.
Fortunately, the research focusing on solar activity and its interference with the Earth launched by the US military in the late 1950s  eventually prevented from the potential military conflict.
Later, he  summarized the information provided by the Air Weather Service and submitted a detailed report.
The direct consequence of this solar storm is that the US military has seen space weather as a combat concern and has built a stronger space weather forecast system.
During daily travel, if citizens find their cars were blocked by another vehicle and cannot reach the driver, they could use the "WeChat vehicle moving" function to solve this problem.
Since August 11, the Xi'an traffic police WeChat service number "Xi'an traffic police" launched "WeChat moving" service.
After the launch of this service, next time if a vehicle is blocking your way while the owner is not present, you can use "WeChat car moving service" to solve such problems.
This new service features three functions. The first is quickness, which saves administrative cost. The second is respect, which protects citizen privacy. And the third is 24/ 7 service.
As long as both parties have WeChat, they can easily solve the issue on their own. Using this feature, both parties can meet in a relatively friendly way,  alleviate the difficulty of finding parking in the city, and reducing  the amount of public security cases with cars involved.
On the other hand, for car owners who refuse to move their cars, illegal parking or obstruction of traffic, Xi'an traffic control department said that the traffic police will take different measures to deal with the situation based on the circumstances, as is appropriate.
August 9, in the Danfeng County Dihua town cultural tourism scenic spots, Shangluo power supply company more than 10 young workers came here to carry out "meet the ancient town connect love with power" and our double seventh  festival theme activities.
Combining with building spirituality, Shangluo power supply company in Danfeng County actively organize the "Come Together In the Old Town of Electric Power With Love" event, with the theme of the Chinese Qixi Festival.
Company employees who participated in the activities said: "they usually spend most of their energy in the work and study, they lack time and a platform to communicate with colleagues and friends."
"This time our company has provided us such a relaxed, pleasant, and harmonious platform, I really like it, it is meaningful yet interesting."
Chinese valentine's day activities won acclaim from young workers attended, who have hoped that the company could host more events like this so as to strengthen communication among young people.
Beijing Olympic Games men's singles champion, Spanish star Nadal won twice in the men's singles match and advanced to the quarterfinals. He also qualified for the men's doubles final competition.
Nadal, as the gold full winner, has a soft spot for the Olympic Games, with unhealed injury, move forward and gains a lot.
He and his teammate Lopez will compete against  Romanian players Tekawu and Megue for the gold medal in  men's doubles final.
Many seeded players pulled out of Rio Olympic women's singles. After few days of intense competition,  the result of women's singles semi-finals finally came out on the 11th.
Kovitova will compete with Pugue for a final invitation and another final seat will be between Keith and Kobel.
The schedule of the women's doubles semifinals has also been arranged; respectively, the semi-finals are: Hingis/Bacsinszky vs Hradecka/Hlavackova ; Makarova/Vesnina vs Strycova/Safarova.
The quarterfinals were also generated for the mixed doubles game today. But since the number one seed Ma Hu / Garcia's combination lost the game and the combination of Lopez and Nadal withdraw,  the game seems subdued.
April 27, 2015, the United States and Japan jointly issued a new version of "US-Japan defense cooperation guidelines" in New York, allowing the Japanese armed forces to play a more offensive role worldwide.
This is the day when the US Defense Secretary Carter, US Secretary of State Kerry, Japanese Foreign Minister Yasuhiko Kawada and Japanese Defense Minister Nakayama Yuen were in New York to attend a press conference.
This is the fifth time that China's civilian think tank  published a report assessing the power of Japanese and also the fourth launch of the English version.
The report has nine chapters, including the overall policy adjustment, military strength, defense budget, military deployment, weapons and equipment, system reform, military training, foreign military security cooperation, military security relations with China and so on.
It is reported that 2015 is the last stage of the year in which Abe administration has improved major policy adjustments in the security field for years.
Since then, Japan's initiatives in the field of security will be mainly in the legal system, strategy implementation, policy implementation and other operational levels, rather than the framework, mechanisms and substantial adjustments and changes in policies.
The report stressed that the Abe Cabinet tried to achieve the promotion of Japan's "normal nationalization" through the above three points, to allow the SDF to accomplish multiple purposes: to intervene in international security affairs, strengthen the Japan-US alliance, and the anti-Chinese system.
Previously, the China Strategic and Cultural Promotion Association released the Japanese military assessment report on June 5, 2012, July 19, 2013, July 23, 2014,  and June 30, 2015.
On August 12, British "Financial Times"  released a group of photos on residence of  US Ambassador to China.
The article said, in contrast, the US Ambassador's residence, from its appearance, could perfectly serve as a safe house in the next movie adaptation of John Lecare's cold war spy novels.
The residence is gray, and has an external fence, a wall in the second layer, barbed wire and roadblocks; creating strict defense.
Complement the flaws of public sports facilities
Dark coal warehouse, turned into a "green grass" football field; red brick spire plant, turned into a modern sports museum.
On national fitness day at the South Luoma sports complex outside the Wangjiang gate in Hangzhou, a mystery was revealed.
It was once the coal field, more than 10 years ago after it was closed, leaving behind numerous illegal construction and garbage.
After the renovation, this land becomes a sports culture park, and will officially open to the public in November.  Allowing residents to access sports venues for free surely has opened up a new fertile soil for the flourishing of the national sports.
This can not help but think of Hangzhou Chen Jinglun sports school, the Chinese swimming "Whampoa Military Academy" came out  a few of world champion.
Famous swimmers will continue to be born, which vividly interpreted the relationship between competitive sports and national sports - the rich base of professional players provided for good conditions.
The level of competitive sports is closely related to the foundation of national sports. Athletic sports depends in a certain sense on national sports, and national sports depends on the conditions of the site.
According to reports, as of 2015, China's per capita sports venues, although is 150 times larger than when China was first established, is still far behind strong sports countries.
In June this year, the State Council issued a "National Fitness Program (2016 - 2020)", and will develop mass sports as a key content.
In order to make up this shortcoming, on the one hand, the relevant departments should take full account of the layout of the sports stadiums during city planning.
On the other hand, public sports venues, including those in schools and other places, should extend the open hours and  open for public as much as possible to improver facilities usage.
The ongoing Rio Olympic Games stimulates people's enthusiasm for the sports, and awakens everyone's sense of participation.
Gillard recapped attorney's  fee in his  battle with Merck over the patent related to Merck's Hepatitis C drugs.
According to the US District Judge's ruling, Gillette Scientific Inc is entitled to receive legal fees incurring  in defending its hepatitis C patent litigation with drugmaker Merck & Co Inc.
In June, after the United States Judge found that Merck had illegal acts, including perjury and other unethical behavior, Gillette was exempted from paying $200 million in compensation generated by Gilead's best-selling drugs Sofosbuvir and Harvoni  that infringed  Merck's two patents.
In Thursday's lawsuit, US District Judge Beth Labson Freeman said Gilead did not have to bear the costs of the defense.
Merck is trying to catch up with Gillette, the dominator of the next-generation hepatitis C drug market.More than 90 percent of hepatitis patients can expect to be cured of their hepatitis C using Gillette's medicine.
The case dates back to 2013, when Gilead and Merck sued each other, both claiming ownership of laboratory work underlying Sofosbuvir, the active ingredient in Gilead's medicines.
US-backed troops announced that they had taken back Manbij from ISIS.
U.S.-backed forces have seized full control of the northern Syrian city of Manbij near the Turkish border after the last remaining Islamic State fighters left, a spokesman for the troop  said Friday.
Syrian Democrats (SDF) are now raiding the city after the militants left the cuty.
They had freed over 2,000 civilian hostages who had been held by the militants, Sharfan Darwish of the SDF allied Manbij Military Council told Reuters.
He told Reuters: "Manbij  is now under our control, but we are still sweeping the area."
The Clintons' income was 107.5 million US dollars in 2015, while the federal tax they paid accounted for 34.2% of their income.
Hillary Clinton announced her 2105 tax return on Friday, showing that the Democratic presidential candidate and her husband earned USD$10.75 million in 2015 and paid a federal tax rate of 34.2 %.
In 2015, the Clinton couple's charitable donations amount to $1 million, most of which were donated to the Clinton Foundation; former President Bill Clinton's speech fee reached nearly $5.3 million, while the former Secretary of State, through her book on her experiences in the State Department published by publisher Simon and Schuster, earned $3 million in revenue.
Clinton's running mate, Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia, and his wife Anne Holden, released 10 years of  tax returns.
Two people paid a federal effective tax rate of 20.3%.
"Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine continue to set the standard for financial transparency," Clinton campaign aide Jennifer Palmieri said in a statement."
In stark contrast, Donald Trump is hiding behind fake excuses and backtracking on his previous promises to release his tax returns
Although the law does not require it, but by convention, US presidential candidates should disclose their tax returns.
Trump, a New York businessman, and his lawyers have cited an audit by the Internal Revenue Service  as a reason he has refused to release his returns.
Clinton campaign assistant Ian Summers said on Twitter that you call the shots, and attached a link to the Democratic candidate's tax return.
On Thursday, Trump's legal counsel, Michael Cohen, told CNN that he would not allow Trump to release his tax return before the audit was completed.
Critics of Trump, including the 2012 Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney and other Republicans, said that Trump declining to disclose his tax returns would trigger questions about the net worth of his capital, charitable donations, business transactions and various other relationships, including relations with Russia.
Clinton grabbed the issue and criticized it, he published an online video on Friday, highlighting the high-profile Democrats urged Trump to announce his tax situation.
She put forward the issue in Michigan's economic policy speech on Thursday.
She said to the crowd: "For decades, he has refused to publish his tax return as other presidential candidates."
Politico has reported that Trump paid zero to very little taxes for two years in the 1990s and, on Friday, a New York Times business columnist quoted a number of tax lawyers and accountants saying that could still be the case.
The federal tax has become a major issue in the presidential campaign.
Clinton has endorsed a rule named after billionaire investor Warren Buffett that would ensure those making more than $1 million a year pay a tax rate of at least 30 percent.
President Obama also supports this proposal.
At a Clinton rally last week in Omaha, Nebraska, Buffett, whose Berkshire Hathaway conglomerate is based there, challenged Trump to meet and exchange tax returns.
Buffett said he was also accepting the IRS audit, what Trump "feared" is not the tax authority, but the voters.
Clinton's campaign group has revealed tax returns from as early as the year 2007.
The federal tax rate for the Clinton couples, currently living in Chappaqua, New York, between 2007 and 2014 was about 32%, and the combined tax rate was about 40.5%.
The Clinton couple's 2015 tax returns show that unlike most Americans, their wage earning is only $ 100.
Their main investment is the low-cost index mutual fund, and the Clinton couple has a dividend and interest income of $ 109,000.
Reported by Kevin Zhuo; Edited by Jonathan Odies.
Jewish filmmaker criticized the Berlin hotel telling them to remove the Israeli telephone code according to the "request" of the Arab customer - Reuters News
A French filmmaker of Jewish origin unleashed a media furor after he revealed that the Kempinski Bristol hotel in Berlin does not list Israel’s dial code, with employee citing “requests” from Arabic customers.
Claude Landzmann, the filmmaker of the Jewish Holocaust documentary film "Shoah", expressed his disappointment with Hotel Kempinski and issued an open letter in the German FAZ.
During his recent stay, Lanzmann tried to find Israel in the list of dial codes provided by the hotel.
But Israel is not in the list of countries to which guests can called directly from the room.
Did Israel actually disappear in the capital of Germany Berlin in 2016?
Langzmann wrote.
Instead, guests can call Israel via the Kempinski Hotel call center.
In order to seek an explanation, the filmmaker asked the hotel's front desk.
Langzmann said in the letter that the answer he received at the front desk "shocked him".
Hotel staff said that this is "a decision made deliberately by Kempinski hotel management board."
And, for this reason made the filmmakers feel even more angry.
“The majority of our guests are Arabs and they demanded Israel’s code to be deleted.” the employee's remark was quoted by Lanzmann."
South German Daily reported  that the Israeli ambassador to Germany, Yakov Hadas-Handelsman, called this incident "a burning shame".
We were shocked after learning about the incident.
The thing itself is a great shame.
The incident that happened in Germany and in that hotel chain is disgraceful.
This needs no more explanation.
"We hope the hotel will be able to draw the right conclusion,” the official said.
This event has been discussed enthusiastically on the web, and everyone thought it was a scandal.
Some people think that Kempinski Hotel was simply being "groveling"  to meet  Arab customers' demands.
“Shame on you. ” another post stated, pointing out that the hotel, located in the noble Kurfurstendamm street stands near a synagogue.
The hotel itself was quick to brush off any accusations, calling what happened an “oversight” and “apologizing” to Lanzmann, Der Spiegel reports.
<South German Daily> quoted Kempinski's words: "Never issued a direct order to remove Israel from the speed dial list."
The newspaper also indicates that the Israeli code has been added to the list.
Police use tear gas and rubber bullets to expel protesting Brazilian students.
Students clashed with police during a protest against government reforms to the public education system in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo  on Thursday.
The Police used tear gas and rubber bullets to expel protesters.
The cause of the incident was that law enforcement officials tried to disperse the students, so the police used rubber bullets and tear gas.
Hundreds of students took part in the march and expressed their dissatisfaction with these programs.
In order to save money, Alckmin, the governor of Sao Paulo state, is planing to close 100 public schools, while 300,000 students will be transfered to other schools.
Some students who attended the protest expressed dissatisfaction with the interim president, Michelle Tommel, through graffiti on the wall.
Just a few days before the recent protest, the protesters marched on the streets to support President Dilma Rousseff, who was impeached by the National Senate.
Scottish cyclist Karl Skinner won the cycling gold medal and then came home with glory.
Scottish cyclist Karl Skinner helped the British trio team win the Olympic golden medal at the Rio velodrome last night, and defended title from the London 2012 Olympics.
The 23-year-old cyclist from Glasgow replaced his Scottish comrade- Sir Chris Hoy - and became the backbone of the team.When young Skinner defeated  favorite New Zealand team and  came back winning high praise, even the legendary cyclist was proud of him.
Four years ago, the British team stunned the world, and Hewe won the fifth out of the six Olympic gold medal achieved in his personal career.
The British team was ranked sixth only in London's World Cycling Championships in London in March.Then, the British team created a greater record.
During the time period from Beijing Olympic Games to the London Olympic Games, the British team's problem was the replacement of the "first lap expert" Jamie Stav.
The team did it when Sinders appeared.
Hoy's retirement also left a blank, but Kian Imadi and Matt Krampton wanted to fill the gap.
After seeing Skinner's potential, the British men's team coaching team insisted on selecting  him into the national team, and Skinner eventually lived up to their expectations.
Skinner's partner was Hinders and Kenny, who won the gold medal four years ago with Hoy.The trio reset the Olympic record in the qualifying event, but the result was broken by New Zealand team in the first round.
These 3 British bicycle racers finally defeated the opponents, winning the gold medal.
Although Hindes was slightly behind, Kenny pushed their team in the lead and Skinner kept the advantage all the way to the end.
Strategic change is the key to this reversal. Sinders chose the larger flywheel, making the speed slower, and this allows Kenny, especially Skinner to keep pace.
Hoye watched the game as a BBC commentator.Skinner, Kenny and Sinders saw him when they were at the podium.
Cyclist Skinner, 23, from Glasgow said: "This makes me feel flattered."
I am just doing my best to make a name for myself.
We created the Olympic record in the final and beat the world champion.
It's unbelievable.
Nothing is better than this victory.
After winning the gold medal with Kenny and Hoya at the London Olympics in 2012, Sinders admitted to deliberately falling on the track due to a poor start.
He later took down the comments, and there was no way for British team's opponents to appeal.
And this victory does not involve any such problems.
Sinders said: "It's like in London,  British flags are all over the platform."
We became a team just three months ago.
We've lost a lot of world championships, so it's amazing to be able to defend the Olympic championship.
This is just one game, one gold medal for the British team, as the winner of seven gold medals out of 10 Olympic cycling events in the Beijing Olympic and London Olympic.
If this symbolizes the progress we have made over the past five months, then we will continue to be successful in the bike hall in the next five days.
It might not be impossible for Kenny to replicate Hoy's feat of winning three Olympic gold medals, considering  his present competitive form,
If that was the case, Kenny, 12 years younger than Hoy and also born on March 23,  will have six gold medals and one silver medal.  (This day seems to be the holy day of the British sports, since Steve Redgrave, Mo Farah and Roger Bannister were also Born on the same day)
This result is flat with Hoye.
Kenny will play a three-day race starting from today.
The 28-year-old Bolton said: "I will focus on this game for the time being.
Team competition is always the best.
You can win the match together with your teammates.
To be frank, winning alone is a bit lonely.
Hindes said: "If he wins another two gold medals, he should be granted a knighthood."
It was the only game with the medal awarded on that day, but GB received other good news.
Sir Bradley Wiggins, Ed Clancy, Steven Burke and Owain Doull  finished first fast and promoted their team to the 4-man 4 km team pursuit race.
Their score is 351.943.
While the world record time set by the 2012 London Olympic gold medalist is 3:51.659.
The first round and the final (10:42 pm) will be held today, the second day of the game. There is no doubt that Wiggins will be in the center of the public.
Yesterday he had a dispute with the race officials right before the qualification event when being summoned for a height measuring.
In the women's team event that will end tomorrow, Laura Trotter, Joanna Rowsell-Shand, Eleanor Barker and Kate Archibald from Milngavie made the cut with a  new world record of 413.260.
The British team is expected to take the initiative and get a few medals in the Olympic Games, by relying on its own strong bicycle team.
After showing its dominance in the Beijing and London Olympic Games, the British cycling team slighted disappoint the public in the process of going to Rio.
There have been many twists and turns, including the resignation of technical director Sean Sutton on April due to allegations of sexism and bullying, and retirements of legendary figures such as Hoye, Victoria Pendleton, etc.
But the first night game at the cycling stadium definitely proves that the British team will legendarily reach their best in a critical moment.
After the little life comes to this world, parents will be responsible for this life, which not only lies in the child's health, but also spiritual development, which is so-called education.
If children's education fails, no matter how successful a career is, it can not make up for an incomplete life and a frustrated family.
When a new life arrives, the new parents need to spend time to take care of and educate their children, and be responsible for him.
Being responsible parents means to nurture the mind and the spirit of your children in addition to taking care of their body and keeping them healthy physically. In another word, to let the children learn how to behave, how to social, how to grow up, and how to succeed.
Good family education means that parents need to regularly accompany their children, give them love, patiently take care of them. They also need to teach children civilized behavior, let the children better learn knowledge, and enhance intelligence.
Parents' words and deeds will affect the growth of their children, they will imitate their parents, that is, people often say dragons will give birth to dragons, phoenixes will give birth to phoenixes, the son of the mouse will dig, what kind of child will have what kind of parents.
So parents need to be a good example in front of children, to regulate their own words and deeds, to develop their own excellent character, which can indirectly help children to create a good heart, so that he is more excellent.
Amy is a smart girl.
She is outgoing and gets along well with friends. She also fits in well in a new environment.
But Amy has a little secret: she cannot concentrate on things she wants to learn and work she wants to do for a long period.
This secret  has been with Amy for a long time.Usually the problem is not serious "
Even with decentralized and modularized time to learn and work, she basically could complete the task and achieve good results .
However, when the task is heavy and time is pressing, Amy feels very painful and tortured.
The purpose of individual's resistance to self-exposure and his emotional experience is to protect the individual's self-awareness and self-esteem from threatening.
And some behaviorist psychologists think of the impedance as an individual's disobedience to their behavioral corrections.
I tried to make Amy practice and let her clam herself down by relaxedly breathing to feel the struggle.
And once she left the trapped situation, she felt relaxed and regained freedom.
A 63-year-old wanderer Han killed another tramp Xiao with a knife after they were drunk and had a fight.
Han said before the incident, he and the tramp Xiao lived in an alley within the Dongcheng District. The two were just 20 meters apart.
Han said that on the day of the incident, they were called to drink together by a friend, the two had two disputes during and after dinner.
Han said that he was afraid that Xiao would hit him so he  killed him with a fruit knife he picked up from a garbage heap.
At court, the victim's family demanded compensation from Mr. Han  in a total of 530,000 yuan for funeral expenses, death compensation, and etc.
Uber has entered the Taiwanese market for 4 years, and has had a large impact on the local traditional taxi industry.
Taiwan <United Daily News> said on August 12 that on 12th morning more than 100 taxis bypass Taiwan "Executive Yuan" to protest, resulting in serious traffic paralysis phenomenon.
Taipei City driver Union chairman Zheng Lijia said, Uber has been to Taiwan for 4 years, the Taiwan authorities finally held a meeting, the drivers have been unable to wait.
However, the government failed to keep faith, and delayed again and again.
Competing against the illegal yet unrestrained Uber competitors, the law-abiding taxicab drivers feel deceived by the authorities.
Original title: a farm that raises 2000 chickens in Jiangsu was seized by the court after the owner was punished for unauthorized sale
After the verdict came into effect, because Lee held no responsibility for automatically fulfilling the verdict, Wang filed for compulsory execution with the Shuyang court.
October 16, 2014, Shuyang court made a civil ruling, which ruled that all 2000 chicken and eggs within the farm were to be seized, and that they shall not be transferred or sold without permission.
After receiving the seizure ruling, Lee secretly sold egg-laying hens under detention without the permission of the Peoples' Court of Shuyang.
Until the March 8, 2015 investigation, the Shuyang County Public Security Bureau encouraged farms to have 142 laying hens.
On August 12, reporters were informed that the Beijing 2022 Winter Olympics and the Winter Paralympic Organizing Committee issued a notice that the Beijing Olympic Winter Games Organizing Committee inherited the emblem, logos, and other intellectual property rights from the Beijing Olympic Winter Games Application Committee.
Without the permission of the Beijing Winter Olympic Organizing Committee, nobody shall use the LOGO and signs of Beijing Winter Olympic for commercial purposes.
National Development and Reform Commission, said the person in charge of the Department of Industry Coordination here, the iron and steel production capacity is a global problem.
In recent years, China's rate of capacity utilization has been higher than the global average and that of the countries and regions in the United States, Europe and so on.
China has actively taken firm and effective measures to resolve excess capacity, and the impacts are gradually emerging.
The person in charge said that the State Council of the Party Central Committee pays high attention to this global problem regarding the steel industry overcapacity.
All departments and regions actively implement the deployment of the State Council, earnestly carry out work, this year we will reduce crude steel production capacity of 45 million tons.
With China's national conditions in mind, China does not encourage steel exports. On the contrary, it also takes a series of practical measures to control steel exports.
The person in charge stressed that, the international trade of steel products in essence is one of market behaviors, which is not only derived from the needs of the importing country, but also the choice made by the consumers after they comprehensively consider a set of factors such as the cost performance.
The implementation of trade protection measures does not help to fundamentally solve the  issues existing in the global steel industry development, on the contrary, it will only cause further impact on the order of international trade.
Speaking of debt, the person in charge stresses that solving debt problem is an important issue needed to be handled well during the process of  solving the  excess capacity.
Because of  the large scale of steel enterprises, the wide range impact and the complexity of enterprise debt relationship, if it is not properly disposed, it would lead to regional risks.
According to the person in charge, in recent years, with the pressure from economic downturn increasing and  the total needs of society gradually decreasing, part of the industry capacity utilization has declining, and the production and management difficulties has risen.
Some enterprises do not adapt to the changes in the market and  can hardly  manage and produce and even are on the brick of folding up. Due to some institutional factors, however, these enterprises face relatively many obstacles when exiting under market mechanism. They become “zombie enterprises."
Because of the existence of these firms, the market signal was distorted, the usability of factor resources was reduced, and social management costs were increased, hindering the establishment of the fair competition in the market.
The main reason for the loss is the same as the plight the global steel industry is facing - weak market demand and low capacity utilization rate.
China's major market mechanisms, economic means and the rule of law approach, the Government's job is to do a good job of workers and social stability and work to ensure a fair and equitable market order.
The person in charge stressed that the next step, we must continue to do a good job to ensure that we will complete the target task of consumption of  the crude steel production capacity of 100 million to 150 million tons.
On the afternoon of the 10th, China's tourist police made an appearance in Moscow's Red Square. This immediately aroused people's attention, and surprised Chinese tourists waved at them. Locals and foreign tourists couldn't help but stop and stare.
On the same day, China's first professional tourism police team, consisting of the members from the Tourism Police Detachment of the Public Security Bureau, Sanya, Hainan Province, came to the Red Square in Moscow to exchange with and learn from the local tourism police who were on duty.
Moscow tourist police is patrolling the Red Square, Nicolasiji pedestrian street, Gu Mu Department Store and other places in groups. The Chinese tourist police followed and learn from them. The patrol lasted more than an hour.
Female police officer Liu Xinie is more than 20 years old this year, who is proficient in English and Spanish and joined the tourism police last year.
He paid much attention to  the Russian counterpart's move and word along the way, and chatted with her occasionally.
When Spanish tourists come to consult, the Moscow travel police explained patiently with fluent Spanish, leaving Wang Bing a deep impression.
"Every Moscow travel police can speak a foreign language, and some of them speak more than two, which impressed us at a lot."
“Hainan, an international tourist island, is gradually placing more importance in attracting international tourists; we hope to better ourselves in order to match with the title of international tourist island."
Before the study, the Chinese tourist police also went to the Moscow city police brigade station to interact with their Russian counterparts.
"I often deal with Chinese tourists and am happy to see them come to Russia for travel."
"The most frequently asked questions are: what is the direction, where is that certain monument, how to get a cab, how to return to the hotel."
Moscow city tourist police brigade captain Lei Sakov said that in recent years, Moscow's urban environment and tourism ambiance has become better and better, with the attractiveness of foreign tourists increasing.
In order to meet the needs of tourism development, in July 2014, a tourist police team was established, responsible for patrolling in the major attractions to protect, help and guide visitors.
All Moscow tourist police are now proficient in English, and some of them  are also good at  Spanish and German.
The police brigade grouped officers into 9 teams according to their foreign language abilities, with 2 classes every week that train them in self-defense techniques, law rules and regulations, and foreign languages.
"Presently we have two tourist police officers who are learning Chinese and they can speak it pretty well. We are going to continue improving their Chinese level." Lysakov said.
Lei Sakov told reporters that he wished the experience  the Moscow Tourism Police has gathered ever since its inception, would offer insights to their police colleague from Sanya.
He believes that the cooperation between the Russian police departments and their Chinese counterparts  will boost the sense of safety of their citizens traveling in the other nation.
"Recruitment to the Moscow Tourism Police, police operations, equipment, and good interaction with visitors gave us a lot of insights," Chen Xiaokun said.
Chinanews reporters found that there are at least nine provinces and cities having issued rules for the implementation of residence permit, including Hebei, Jilin, Tianjin, Jiangxi, Sichuan, Hainan, Gansu, Fujian and Beijing.
When applying for a residence permit, the above-mentioned areas put forward that along with the requirement to have more than six months residence, one of the following conditions must be fulfilled: lawful and stable employment, lawful and stable residence, or existing school enrollment.
One China News reporter noted that in terms of benefits offered by residence permits,  the detailed policies vary from city to city.  Compared with the national provisions, more services and convenience are offered in some areas.
There is one benefit added to these areas: if the children meet the relevant requirements, they are allowed to participate in the college entrance examination in their local areas.
In addition, a number of places, including Beijing, also clearly require that the coverage of offering public services and facilities should be gradually expanded and regularly reported to the public.
For example, FuJian Province proposed that at least every three years it will publicly announce the scope of public services and convenience entitled to residence permit holders.
"Provisional regulations on Residence Permit" stipulates that for applications meeting the residence permit requirements, the public security bureaus should issue a residence permit within 15 days from the date of acceptance.
With regards to the time limit for certification, most of the regions agree with the national version, that is, to certify within 15 days.
The people's government of Hebei stipulates that for applications that are complete and qualified, the local police station should issue residence permits in 3 working days from the time of application.
Jiangxi regulates that, to the person who is complied with the criteria to apply for the residence permit, and can prove all required material are prepared, the public security organs shall, within 5 working days from the date of acceptance, issue a residence permit.
In accordance with the "residence permit provisional regulations", the areas above are free of documentation fees for the first time application for a residence permit.
Such as, Sichuan's requirements, local police stations or commissioned by the community service agencies to strictly enforce the approved fees and charges, and resolutely prohibit over-range, over-standard fees or ride fees.
Known from investigation, July 27, 2016, the original Ganzhou City Dingnan county party secretary Chen Yangxia reported to work to Provincial Commission for Discipline Inspection, as supervision chief of the party style and politic atmosphere . (deputy director level, trial period of one year).
The red wine drank that night was provided by Li Youcai while other fees were on Liu.
Jiangxi Provincial Commission for Discipline Inspection announced that Chen Yangxia and Cheng Ziliang accepted meals at private clubs in violation of the beliefs of the Central Committee of the Communist Party's Eight Provisions and have violated party rules.
Borgba received two yellow cards in the Italian Cup last season. According to the rules he will automatically be banned from playing one game.
Although he has transfered back to the Premier League, the English Football Association still puts his accumulated suspension in place for Premier League games.
As a result, in the game in August 14 against Bournemouth, Borgba will be on the bench, his first show after returning to Manchester United will be extended to the home game with Southampton on 20th.
As one of the 2014 first round rookie No. 12, Salic will officially debut in the NBA next season, and join the Philadelphia 76ers.
Salic as a young European player, many fans are not familiar with him, but through the Olympic Games, I believe that the performance of Salic left a deep impression to the people.
In the last game where  Croatian won Spain by a narrow margin,  Saric  successfully blocked Pau Gasol's inside shot, with which he attempted  to take the game into extra time, down the stretch.
Brett-Brown, the head coach of the 76ers,  recently gave Saric a high rating;  the former San Antonio Spurs head coach said Saric reminds him of a young Manu Ginobili.
Obviously, Saric has shown his talent and lets 76ers  look forward to him very much.
In the first two games of this Olympic Games, Salic received a total of 24 points, 17 rebounds and 12 assists.
In the first half, Salic showed his ability to search for  space on the court. Through pick and roll with his teammates, he made shots outside the arc .
Although the current 76 post players include a lot of talented young players, but they do not have Salic's abilities as a perimeter player.
From the block to launching a long pass, fast break, and completed assists, in today's NBA game the number of players who can do all this can be counted on one hand.
Since the beginning of the Olympic Games, Salic has averaged 13 points, eight rebounds and five assists in three games, with an all-around performance.
Since summer 2014 the decision to return to the Cavaliers, James has signed two 1 + 1 contracts.
With current labor agreement in NBA is about to enter the last year, as NBA player union vice chairman, James will be in the forefront line of labor-capital agreement negotiation.
Due to new TV broadcast protocol, the association has a substantial increase in revenue. On top of that, the fight regarding the money between the bosses and the players makes people worry that this thing will bring NBA to a halt next  summer.
But for James, he won't have to worry that he will become a free agent next summer because he has renewed a 3-year contract with Cavaliers.
No matter when the 2017-18 season  begins, James is subject to the contract.
Since the iPhoneSE's stunning debut, the mobile phone market ushered in a small screen machine boom.
Not long ago, Nubia also launched the first product of its Z11 series: Nubia Z11 Mini.
nubiaZ11mini continues its consistent photograph features, and is equipped with an easy-to-hold 5.0-inch screen and an easy-to-use post fingerprint recognition, which delivers a superior experience.
A small screen camera phone, just listed by Nubia, Z11mini's price decreased 200 yuan, that is, from the original 1499 yuan down to 1299 yuan.
In appearance, Nubia Z11 Mini has a 5-inch 1080P screen, with the classic design of "a little red circle" at the bottom of the front of the phone as before.
The middle frame structure is made of metal material, the bottom uses the symmetrical design and the configuration of the Type-C data interface.
Portland smelter's future is in doubt with the axing of power contract.
The future of the Portland aluminum smelter in Victoria and the jobs of hundreds of workers  are  in doubt with the power company which supplies the plant disclosing one of the plant's owners is to terminate a supply contract, with all supply contracts expected to be axed.
The move occurred after the Victorian government decided to discontinue the subsidies provided to keep the factories in operation.
This 20-year fixed subsidy will end in November.
Alcoa's Portland plant's 2,000 workers may be facing unemployment.
Once the factory is closed, there may be as many as 2,000 people directly or indirectly unemployed.
And because the plant's electricity consumption accounts for about 10% of total electricity output of Victoria, it may also cause a chain reaction.
In 2014, Alcoa closed the Hanrui angle smelter, which led to the closure of Anglesey power plant last year.
Alcoa's Portland smelter is now losing money and risks closure.
The moves follows speculation about the future of the plant for several years now, initially in the wake of the strong Australian dollar and more recently due to the price for the output from the plant.
AGL supplies electricity to this large aluminum smelter plant through Loy Yang Power Station in Latrobe Valley .This company predicts that workers from three other plants will terminate their agreements as well.
The largest shareholder of this plant is a joint venture between Alcoa and Alumina, with China's CITIC Group and Japan's Marubeni Co., Ltd. holding a small amount of shares respectively.
"AGL expects the Portland facility to continue to operate, meaning physical demand for electricity from the smelter will continue."
AGL said the contracts are so-called 'hedging contracts' which were due to take effect from November 2016.
The contract lasts for 12 months, so they will end in 2017.
"Therefore, AGL still predicts that these contracts will continue to generate revenue in  fiscal year 2017." the power company said."
From fiscal year 2018, any potential impact upon AGL's revenue is subject to positive  futures market expectation for wholesale electricity prices.
AGL said the company had already written down the value of the contracts in its accounts by $187 million in "anticipation of a termination event".
Alcoa said it was decided to terminate these contracts "will not affect Alcoa's ability to operate the smelter or to ensure that the smelter's power supply."
The US company said it signed a 20-year contract with Laoya in 2010, which would have been in effect in November, but the company did not explain why it had withdrawn from the contract.
Analysts have remained cautious about whether or not the Portland smelters in Victoria, along with the Tolgoi facility near Newcastle, will be shut down due to the economic downturn in the industry.
Regarding analysts' comments earlier this week, AGL operations director Steven Mickelson said Portland's annual electricity consumption reached about 600 megawatts and that of the Tommage plant reached about 900 megawatts.
If the two factories was closed, the demand for the electricity market would be greatly reduced.
He said: "As a power company, this is not  good news to us."
The community law center turns away 160,000 people each year.
More than 160,000 of the most vulnerable groups are shut out by community law centers each year.The funds for this service are already stretched, and now we have to face further funding cuts.
In Queensland, three out of every five people are turned down from seeking free legal advice and legal aid. Most of them are the elderly, immigrants, disadvantaged workers, victims of violent incidents, and those who have little resources to fight unfair expulsion.
The lack of funding for community legal services has already exceeded the limit and is now facing further funding cuts.
From June next year, those legal centers are slated to lose another 30 per cent of their federal funding.
James Farrell, the director of Community Legal Centers Queensland, said that every year thousands of people were shut out according to the latest report released by National Community Association Law Center.
Mr. Farrell said that if the federal government could not change the existing decision, this situation would only get worse.
"Queensland's community legal centers are chronically underfunded, which means thousands of people are unable to get the vital services they need, " he said. "
A report shows that the following people may not get the help they need: those who need to stay away from violence, who bear huge debts that cannot be repaid, who are faced with unravel families, workers who are exploited and who are faced with legal problems.
The federal government will cut its funds by 30% since June 2017, which means that thousands of vulnerable groups in Queensland will be forced to face complex legal issues without help.
We call on the Attorney-General, and Queensland Senator George Brandis to immediately reverse these funding cuts, so people can get the help they need when they're faced with a legal problem.
Last year, the state government promised to bring legal aid funding up to the national average.
It is now necessary to focus on the needs of community law centers and their corresponding communities, and the White Leaf government must also be involved in this important work.
The Donald Trump campaign team was sued of manager pulling  gun staffers.
NEW YORK: Trump's campaign team was sued for doing nothing after Trump's then-campaign director in North Carolina  pulled a gun on a staffer while driving a jeep on February.
Vincent Bordini,  a former software trainer for the state campaign team, described the incident on Wednesday in state court in Charlotte.
Bodini said he previously hoped that this matter could be resolved internally, but after having waited for a few months, he realized that “that's not likely to happen."
According to Bordini's description, the staff named Earl Philip "produced a pistol, put his right index finger on the trigger, and drove the barrel into Vincent’s knee cap."
After complaining to local and regional campaign leaders, Bodini learned from the files that at least four people had gone through the same thing.
Bodini said in the complaint: "Just because there is no  shooting does not mean that will not cause harm.""
Just two days before the case, the Republican presidential candidate told the crowd in North Carolina that if his opponent, Hillary Clinton, was elected and picked her favorite judge, the "Second Amendment people, who are  gun holders and gun enthusiasts could do something about it. The remark triggered the public outrage.
Trump's campaign team said the media mistake his words  out of context, he did not advocate violence.
Bodini in the complaint sought damage from the campaign team for their own neglect of supervision, and sought compensation from Philip for his own attacks, beatings and mental injury.
Trump spokesman Hope Hicks did not respond immediately to the news.
Can not be linked to Philip.
According to Charlotte, a local news agency WCCB reported that Philip recently left the campaign team.
His consulting firm, Innovative Consulting Services, did not respond immediately to the call.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump's campaign team is controversial.
The two sides of the case for the Bodini and Trump presidential election company, 16-CS-14300, Mecklenburg County (Charlotte) High Court ordinary court.
Britain must pass the Olympic spirit and carry on the expansion of  Heathrow Airport.
Heathrow will also deliver regeneration and prosperity not just in our local communities and across London, but also across the country.
For me, this is the charm of Heathrow, as in the 2012 London Olympics, we make every effort to ensure that our country and region can benefit from these events.
The Olympics achieved huge benefits for Stratford and the East End.
And we will again benefit the region by creating opportunities for local people and firms around Heathrow.
For our local communities alone we are going to create 10,000 new apprenticeships, 40,000 new jobs and bring an end to youth unemployment around the airport.
Just as there were ahead of London 2012, there will be people who think the challenge of Heathrow expansion is too great.
I was told that the UK would not be ready for the Olympics and we would be embarrassed  in front of the whole world.
The skeptics were wrong on 2012  Olympics  and they will be proved wrong on Heathrow as well.
While there will always be obstacles to overcome, Heathrow is solving every problem.
Like the Olympic games, Heathrow is an infrastructure project for the majority instead of the minority.
Expansion is an opportunity to create up to 180,000 new jobs, £211billion in economic growth, leaving a legacy of skills and employment both around the airport and across the UK.
We have an excellent Heathrow project team.The team has completed a £11 billion infrastructure investment project on time and within budget, including the T5 terminal, which is the world's best airport terminal for five consecutive years, and the T2 between the world's busiest runways Terminal building.
Now, they are preparing to build a third runway with a private investment of £ 16 billion.
The London 2012 Olympic Games was a great success and I am confident that the expansion of Heathrow Airport project will be successful, too.
Now is a good time for us to spread the Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow Airport so that we can secure our future and leave a legacy of skills and employment that Britain can be proud of.
Lord Paul Deighton is chairman of the Heathrow Board and former Commercial Secretary to the Treasury Department.
A woman committed suicide on a highway in Swiss and was ran over and killed.
The victim was lying on the highway at midnight.
The woman who tried to commit suicide was run over by a number of cars on the highway early Thursday morning.The police are looking for witnesses.
The accident occurred on Thursday morning at the A1 motorway near Moore in Vaud.
Vaushan police said that a woman was "desperately" lying on the road but was rolled over a number of vehicles in the middle of the night.
The victim is a 49-year-old Swiss woman whose behavior clearly has suicidal intentions.She was run over by a number of cars, including a van.
This woman died on the spot.
Police said the a number of drivers involved has been investigated, but some drivers have not been confirmed yet.Now, the police are urging them and the witnesses to come forward and help in the case.
Gilles Hofstedtel's lawyer told the Geneva Tribune that there has been a criminal investigation, which is routine for such incidents.
But as yet,  no one knows if there will be drivers getting sued.
Is it possible to avoid collisions?
Hofstedt said: "This will be determined by the prosecutor."
According to the verdicts of two similar cases in the past five years, the driver will not be held responsible.
It is reported that the causes of both accidents involve people crossing the highway in the midnight.The final verdict is that a driver is hard to predict that a pedestrian will cross the highway at midnight.
Last year, a police officer was charged with negligence causing death.  She fatally hit a man on highway A1 near Payerne on August 2014.
The court was informed that the 22-year-old victim had crossed the road after drinking.
The judge said after the investigation that the policeman was fully lawful at the time, and that man appeared on the road "completely unexpected and unpredictably" and that the policewoman had made an emergency call.
Anyone with information about Thursday's incident near Morges should call police on 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 44.
NASA climate model: Venus was suitable for human habitation before.
According to NASA's new climate model, Venus was once habitable to human.
Scientists at the NASA Goddard Space Institute have developed a model that explores Venus's past situation, and the tools and algorithms used by the model are very similar to those used by climate scientists.
The model is used to determine whether the surface is hot, anhydrous, and whether Venus, whose atmosphere is full of carbon dioxide, has a similar environment to Earth's or not.
Previously, scientists believed that Venus' rotational velocity was slower because of its thicker atmosphere.
However, the latest simulations suggested that the Venus had a thinner atmosphere which was similar to the Earth, and that its rotation speed was also slower at that time.
The model also shows the terrains of early Venus.
Venus' dry areas may be more than that of the earth, but there were enough water and geographical changes to nurture life and prevent rapid evaporation.
Early, the sunshine spread out on Venus was 30% darker than that on the earth.
Anthony Del Jenio, scientist of the Goddard Institute for Space Studies，explained in a press release, "In GISS model simulation, Venus's slow rotation makes the daytime on one of its side to last almost two months in earth time." "
This makes the surface warm and produces rainwater that can form thick clouds, and the thick clouds are like an umbrella that blocks the heat of most of the sun from the ground.
The simulation result  is that Venus's average climate temperature is actually several degrees lower than the present Earth's.
Venus evolution simulated by the model is similar to  what planetary scientists previously predicted.
Although Venus may have had life, in the course of billions of years, Venus exposes to high temperature and ultraviolet light.
The water from the oceans on the planet evaporate and the water vapor is burnt out by ultraviolet rays.
With the escape of hydrogen, only a thicker carbon dioxide atmosphere and the fatal greenhouse gas were left, which formed the Venus we know today.
Researchers published in "Geophysical Research Letters" new Venus climate model simulation results.
Patrick Roy resigns as Avalanche coach.
Patrick Roy resigned from the head coach and vice president of the Colorado avalanche ice hockey on Thursday, saying he had no say at the team's decision-making level.
Colorado executive vice president general manager Joe Sagez confirmed the news and said the club will immediately start looking for a new head coach.
For the past three years, I have carried out my duties as Head Coach and Vice President of Hockey Operations for the Colorado Avalanche with energy, passion and determination."
I thought about how to improve the team in the summer, so that it has a higher level of strength.
To this end, head coach and vice president goals must be consistent with the club's goals.
He must also have a voice about the decisions that influence the team's performance.
But at present, these conditions are not yet met.
Sachs hired Roy on May 23, 2013, and he thanked Roy for his contribution to the team.
Satchi said: "Patrick told me his decision today."
We thank him for his contribution to the club and wish him the best in the future.
Roy was nominated for Jack Adams Award as coach of the year during his first season as Colorado Avalanche head coach in 2013 - 14.
He helped the club get 112 points, ranking first in the middle district.But the Colorado team were eliminated in the first round of the playoffs by the Minnesota team, thus missing the rest of the playoffs in the last two years.
The Avalanche posted a 39-39-4 mark in 2015-16 and fell five points shy of the Wild for the second wild-card spot in the Western Conference.
As a goalkeeper in the Hockey Hall of Fame, Roy won a total of four Stanley Cups during his career, two with the Montreal Canadians and two with the Avalanche.
North Sea oil workers stopped the  strike,  and resumed negotiation.
The chief negotiator said the workers in the North Sea oil field had started a strike regarding their pay, and the parties involved in the dispute began a new round of negotiations.
Strikes against oilfield service company Wood Group has been staged multiple times on oil rigs run by the  Royal Dutch Shell.
According to a joint statement, "Wood Group and Unite and RMT unions have confirmed that we have agreed to restart the current dispute resolution process."
Starting from the next week, we will hold a number of all-day meetings to re-examine these issues in the coming weeks.
The union said its recent action was aiming at protesting  possible 30% pay cut, and this was the first action that the union had taken in 25 years.
Due to market pressure, Wood Group reduced payment for North Sea contractor by about 9% this year.
Prior to this pay cut, the company reduced its payment for onshore contractors by 10% in 2014.
The company said that a further pay cut would help the company to go through the market turn-down.
Shell has cut thousands of employees and announced plans to shut down oil and gas operations  in 10 countries because the company needs to streamline its business after merging with British energy company BG Group.
Energy companies are facing pressures from falling crude oil prices and Britain's decision to exit the Europe in June.
Scottish Parliament member Dave Anderson met with leaders of the labor union earlier this week, working together to discuss the biggest labor dispute involving the people living in the North Sea area.
He said the North Sea is vital to the regional economy.
"In the North Sea and the country as a whole, we need an economy that serves the majority, not the minority, " Dave said in a statement."
In 2016, new North Sea project is expected to spend less than $ 1.4 billion on new projects, while the average spending in the past five years is about $ 7 billion.
Kepler measured the rotational speed of the Pleiades
The latest mission of the Kepler telescope will help astronomers gather accurate information on the rotation of the Pleiades Star Cluster.
The new data is helping astronomers understand why stars in the star cluster have different rotational speeds and how the rotation period is associated with the planet forming.
"We hope to compare our results to other star clusters to further understand a star's mass, age, and even it's history related to the solar system," said Lusa Rebel, a research scientist at the Pasadena California Institute of Technology's Infrared Processing Analysis Center, at a news conference."
The Pleiades are 445 light years from Earth.
Many of the stars in the cluster were born about 125 million years ago and are now just reaching adulthood.
They reached the highest rotation speed in their lifetime.
Reaching the maximum possible rotating speed, these mature stars emit ample stellar winds.
When these stellar winds pass through the stars' magnetic field, they have a braking effect on the stars.
With the increase in the age of stars, their rotation speed begin to slow down.
Kepler measures the rotation speed of each star by tracking the time at which the recognizable stellar starspots (like sunspots) appear.
The latest rotation speed data set indicates that the speed of stars with larger mass is slower than the speed of stars with smaller mass.
Rebel compares the stars to dancers, and the larger dancers rotate slower than the smaller dancers.
Rebull said, "In the 'ballet show' of the Pleiades cluster, we see that slow-rotating stars tend to be more massive, whereas the fastest rotators tend to be the lightest stars.""
Due to the close distance of the Pleiades, it can be used as an ideal cosmic laboratory for comparing star mass and self-rotation speed.
Rebuer states that: "The Pleiper Cluster has laid the foundation for the theoretical model of the two-way rotation of young and old stars."
There is still a lot of knowledge about how stars, when and why they slow down the speed and "put away their own shoes" that we need to discover.
Rebel and her colleagues elaborated their latest analysis of rotational velocity of Pleiades cluster in these three new papers.These three papers will soon be published in the journal "Astronomy".
The Chief of Nanhu Park Waters Management Section  Zheng Jianjun introduced that the lowest point of the South Lake bottom is more than 10 meters deep, if the diver was not familiar with the environment, it would be dangerous.
"Although the South Lake rescue team is very professional, we hope every tourist boarding a boat can wear life jackets, stay away from forbidden activities on the lake,  and enjoy his/her relaxing time safely."Zheng Jianjun said.
With its unique marine environment, WeiTou village has both natural ecology and cultural ecology tourism resources.
"But individual owners who purchased parking spots in the district, fearing that doing so will affect the rental prices of their parking spaces, and harboring selfish motives, have been causing trouble behind the scenes, resulting in plans to change the parking spaces were suspended."
As for who is the first person introducing sweet potatoes to public,  opinions vary in the academic community.
In the current, more mainstream view, there are three main lines to introduce sweet potato.
Among the three pipelines for introducing the sweet potatoes into China, the most influential and widespread one is the way, from Philippines to Fuzhou, China, developed by Chen Zhenlong.
Beijing Municipal Social Management Office will immediately carry out a special inspection on the use of unified receipts of social groups.
There are two kinds of inspection, self-examination and selective examination.
According to the person in charge at the City Social Affairs Office, the scope of this inspection, including 2013 to 2015 in the City Council to receive social groups will send out receipt of social groups.
"The success of the Olympic Games is defined by the people who share the stories in the social media," the Rio de Janeiro OCOG said in Olympic communication strategy made in 2012."
Judging from the coverage of this year's Olympic Games, the media have  made big changes in aspects of transmission, product form, language style, news perspective and so on.
International Olympic Committee and the media practitioners around the world seem to take this challenge.
On August 11, Everbright Securities H shares is entering the last day of its open sale.There are news that the market reaction two days before was calm.According to the plan, it will be listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on August 18.
A domestic brokerage analyst said that the Orient Securities in Hong Kong actually does not have a good foundation, and it is its capital management business that the Orient Securities is good at.Compared to Bank of China International, CITIC Securities and other securities firms, it appears to be naturally resourceless.
Experts pointed out that this year, with the securities market returning to its previous calm, brokerage performances have declined, but after the company is listed it depends more on the company's own business development, and so can not be generalized.
After the new control policy is passed, Suzhou will become the first second-tier city to restart purchase limitation policy.
Introduced or about to introduce the property market regulation and control policy of second - tier cities is not just confined to Suzhou, but also includes Hefei, Nanjing and other cities.
Prior to this, Hefei has been the first to issue restrictions on lending policy, there are two suites in Hefei and a housing loan that has buyers that haven't paid, the bank will refuse to provide mortgage services.
