28-year-old chef found dead in San Francisco mall
A 28-year-old chef who recently moved to San Francisco was found dead in the stairwell of a local mall this week.
The older brother of the victim expressed that he could not think of anyone who would want to harm him, and said that “everything was finally getting better”.
The Forensic Services of San Francisco expressed that they have verified the identity of the body found in Wednesday morning at Westfield shopping center as Frank Galicia, a 28-year old resident of San Francisco.
San Francisco police claimed that the death was ruled a homicide, and has commenced investigation.
The victim’s brother, Louis Galicia, told San Francisco KGO-TV, owned by American Broadcasting Company, that Frank, who worked as a line chef in Boston, found his ideal job as a line chef at Sons & Daughters restaurant in San Francisco six months ago.
Another spokesperson of Sons & Daughters restaurant that they felt “extremely shocked” about Frank’s death.
The spokesperson said: “Our team is like a family. We shall miss him.”
In this painful times, let us express our deepest condolences and sorrow for Frank’s family and friends.
Louis Galicia said that Frank initially lived at the guest house, but recently “everything finally got better”.
Louis Galicia told KGO, “Frank found an apartment, and was also seeing someone.”
Louis Galicia expressed that he could not think of anyone who would harm his younger brother.
Frank has a kind and open heart.
Louis Galicia said, “Frank often cooks dinner for the family.”
He is unwilling to argue with family members.
He is a person who follows the opinions of others.
Louis Galicia said, "With everything else that's going wrong with the world, Frank was that diamond in the rough that was shining bright every day."
Please call the San Francisco police at 415-575-4444 if you have any information.
Junior Doctor Strike: Calling for new laborer actions
Junior Doctors’ representatives called on the alliance to approve their adoption of new labor action aimed at the new contract dispute.
The Junior Doctors Committee of the British Medical Association will request that all its members begin to support more labor actions from the start of September.
The Junior Doctors association expressed that the ministers have yet to resolve concerns regarding the contract.
Junior doctors and medical school students have voted, in July, against reaching a contractual agreement with the British Medical Association.
Of the members who voted, 58% opposed the contract transaction.
Ellen McCourt, main representative for junior doctors of the medical association, expressed in Thursday evening through a letter to fellow members published on Twitter that the government “has remained silent” regarding issues that led to the opposition of the contract.
She said, “On this basis, the executive committee of the Junior Doctors Committee has voted for complete rejection of the proposed new contract, and call for new formal negotiations related to all the concerns.”
In response to the government’s silence, the Junior Doctor executive committee has formally asked the British Medical Association today to hold a special meeting permitting a long-term plan for increasing labor actions starting in early September.
This dispute led to the Junior Doctor participating in a total of 6 strikes this year, including the first general strike in the history of the National Health Service of the UK.
Dr Johann Malawana, leader of the British Medical Association’s (BMA) junior doctors committee resigned after the terms and conditions of the contract BMA recommended was voted down.
During the pre-vote meeting of 54,000 junior doctors and medical students, he had expressed to the members of the British Medical Association that the deal was good and should be accepted.
After the vote, Secretary of State for Health Jeremy Hunt said that the contract will be imposed on medical staff in the UK.
Russia and Turkey - “An alliance of misfits?”
A hand gesture ended this crisis.
The leaders of Russia and Turkey met on Tuesday. The two parties shook hands, and announced that the eight-month long war of words and economic sanctions will officially cease.
However, when Vladimir Putin received the President of Turkey at the gilded palace halls of St. Petersburg, I had a strong feeling that this was the reconciliation Ankara had most hoped to see.
Yes, both parties shook hands.
However, Putin only gave a gentle smile. This seems to indicate little passion, even according to Putin’s subsumed standards.
According to the report, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan mentioned his “good friend” Putin five times.
I don't remember it well.
He also promised that relations with Russia will return to the level prior to the crisis, or even better.
On the following day, a newspaper wrote that Erdoğan behaved as though nothing has happened.
I believe however, that his enthusiasm implied something quite the opposite.
However, Putin remained cold and said that he did not forget anything.
In fact, the first thing he mentioned in his opening remarks was the reason for the current crisis: Turkey shot down a Russian attack aircraft at the Syrian border.
Moscow reacted intensely at the time.
Mr Putin took aim at this issue, and accused Ankara of stabbing Moscow in the back.
An attack by someone who is supposedly a friend is hard to stomach.
It is difficult, perhaps even impossible, for both parties to establish true trust.
Russian public opinion has started to change since November.
For months, the government controlled media launched a shocking all-out attack on Ankara.
Suddenly, the Turks seemed to want to assume responsibility for everything.
In particular, the most severe criticisms came from senior White House officials: Mr Erdoğan’s family members received gains from illegal oil trading with regions in Syria controlled by the so-called Islamic State.
He has already denied that statement.
However, news from St Petersburg revealed that it was time to move on.
The pretext of this meeting is that Putin has received an apology from the President of Turkey Erdoğan.
Russia can declare victory.
For Ankara, the benefits of a truce were crystal clear.
First, Erdoğan was nearly deposed after the coup failed last month. Therefore, he needed support from all his friends.
Ongoing terrorist attacks have clearly shocked him.
Economic incentives exist as well.
Russia’s sanctions against Turkey generated significant impacts, and include banning of charter flights that sends millions of Russian tourists to the shores of Turkey.
This figure has drastically decreased by nearly 90%.
With resumption of flights, Russia’s travel agencies and charter companies breathed a sign of relief.
They will be welcoming the Mediterranean tourism wave at the end of the season.
The national television channel even predicted that once imports of Turkish farm products are once again allowed through the borders, the prices of fruits and vegetables will drop.
A report in Russian newspaper Vedemosti stated, “Tourists that way, tomatoes back here.”
To Moscow, this visit also provides added political value.
Ankara was furious with the West’s weak response to the intentions concerning the takeover.
In addition, Ankara had, for some time, been unhappy with the slow progress of the EU accession negotiations and Putin’s meddling. Putin was keen on using political chill and weakening the relationship between Turkey and the Western world.
For supporting the current government after the failure of the coup, the Russian leader will definitely get himself on the positive side of Ankara.
Note that this was gift to Moscow which has always had a deep-rooted fear for regime change.
Hence, during the meeting held at this luxurious seaside palace, Russia and Turkey, two countries that had been rejected and abused by the western world, became allies. An analyst described this as an “alliance of misfits”.
Serious disagreement still existed between both parties in spite of a public settlement.
Syria is a key factor. Moscow has recently played the role of a mediator in Syria. However, Russia and Turkey supported opposing factions.
It is predictable that after a 3-hour preliminary talk, both presidents would express at the press conference that they have yet to broach the topic.
The President of Turkey deliberately avoided questions regarding disagreements between both parties, while Putin emphasized them.
Both parties failed to reach a clear consensus on seeking common ground while reserving differences on the issue of Syria.
Given months of open hostility and the possibility of triggering a large-scale disaster brought about by the shooting down of a Russian fighter jet by NATO member Turkey, reinitiating dialogue between the leaders of the two countries is definitely a good thing.
The Royal Bank of Scotland will no longer serve customers outside Scotland
According to the CEO of Royal Bank of Scotland, the bank will be reduced into a logistic department.
The Royal Bank of Scotland will no longer service customers outside of Scotland.
Rose McEwan shared with the Scotland branch of BBC about how devoted the Royal Bank of Scotland in their global ambition.
On the edge of bankruptcy some eight years ago, however, there was no choice but to accept a bailout. From then on, those pursuits were abandoned.
During this time, the brand building strategist used “RBS” to protect the other consumer finance brands.
The Group has spent millions of pounds to sponsor the Six Nations Championship in rugby and Andy Murray, winner of The Championships, Wimbledon to support international sports events.
Currently, however, the correct measure is to provide national brands with opportunities of exposure.
The Royal Bank of Scotland will be used by Scottish clients but will not revert to its original form.
In England and Wales, all references apart from those at the headquarters and the stock exchange shall be changed to National Westminster Bank.
The brand of Ulster Bank is used by customers in the Republic of Ireland and the autonomous Northern Ireland.
There is also a number of smaller, private banks such as Coutts, Adam & Co., Drummond, and Holt’s Military Bank.
Mr McEwan was interviewed during a trip to Inverness to visit customers and staff.
He told the BBC Scotland, “The RBS brand will end up becoming our investor brand and the one that our staff are employed with, because we are now becoming much more a bank of brands.”
As the bank itself became an international label, RBS thus became a global brand.
What I want to say is that our current priority is no longer the world; we have instead switched our focus to the domestic market.
Every brand symbolized a specific field. Our staff serve the customers via different brands.
The Royal Bank of Scotland has indicated that it would no longer sponsor the Six Nations Championship. At the same time, it is working diligently to raise the image of different brands by sponsoring sporting events.
The CEO expressed: “Now we’ve become a bank of multiple brands because privately, we’ve been investigating the means by which we can become a bank that provides a better service to our customer.”
If we claimed, 3 years ago, that we aim to become a giant bank of multiple brands, people will definitely be laughing at us.
Currently, we are prioritizing our focus on customer requirements, and I believe that you have noticed these changes.
I believe we can re-activate these brands. This seems to be the right time to do so.
Victory of Dettori and Predilection providing the 3,000th career win
2 wins at Newmarket allow Dettori to reach 3,000 career wins and hold a champagne party afterwards
On Friday, professional jockey Frankie Dettori achieved his 3,000th career win at Newmarket.
Mounting Predilection, the horse trained by the famous John Gosden, he raced down the tracks and achieved two victories at that night which helped him achieve 3,000 career wins.
This 45-year old Italian is the sixth professional jockey to achieve this milestone in flat racing.
The first five are: Sir Gordon Richards, Doug Smith, Lester Piggott, Pat Eddery, and Willie Carson.
Dettori, three-time champion and winner of the Ghayyar races, said: “This is very special.”
I’m excited because my family was there at the site
I am happy about what I’ve achieved at Newmarket because this is the place where I started 30 years ago.
This is not a large scale horse racing event nor the Royal Ascot. This is just a normal Friday night with 20,000 members in the audience.
I am very pleased and very humbled.
Crowd cheered as Dettori brought in Predilection after claiming victory
Two equestrians have made this achievement in the cross-country event, namely champion rider Richard Johnson and 20-times world champion who has retired, Sir Anthony McCoy. Sir McCoy has broke the record by achieving more than 4,300 victories in his entire career.
Piggott is a nine-times derby champion and has achieved 4,493 wins throughout his career.
Dettori is one of the best jockey of this time. It is not surprising that he will be able to make it to this milestone achievement. Not many people before him could claim to have reached this step.
He is fashionable and has a well-built figure. However, the reason that he was able to stand out from the through the weighing station was his rational use of tactics.
He is an impressive equestrian and its representative. For many years, his passion and charms have attracted a large number of fans to the sport.
A few weeks ago, I told Dettori at Epsom that if he wasn’t a jockey merely during weekends and at major races, he would already have won 6,000 victories!
In truth, Dettori is the jockey with the best record of riding winners that Britain has seen in 30 years. This is something extremely important.
He has a lively personality, which is good news for the British horse racing society. In addition to that, he is an astounding jockey.
Dettori celebrates milestone with signature flying dismount
Dettori has always been a classic representative for the British sport of flat racing for over 20 years with his distinctive flying finish and flying dismount.
His career is like a roller coaster.
He is a champion of many competitions, and have achieved the famous “7 consecutive victories” in the 1996 Royal Ascot horse races. However, he was also affected by a plane crash and barred from the races due to use of prohibited substances.
Three years ago, he found it taxing when he first returned to the game after a six-month suspension, but he showed amazing strength of character, and finally returned to his peak form, defying doubters.
Dettori once said that he probably doesn’t have much time left, but hope that he can participate in the games before he reaches 50 years of age.
President of Russia, Putin, has relieved Sergei Ivanov of his position as the Chief of Staff of the Presidential Executive Office.
Russian President Vladimir Putin dismissed Sergei Ivanov as Chief of Staff of the Presidential executive Office unexpectedly.
For many years, Ivanov has always been a member of a core group of individuals deeply trusted by Putin.
Ivanov, now 63 years old, has been appointed as a special representative for environment and transportation issues.
A statement from the Kremlin said that Mr Putin had “decreed to relieve Ivanov of his duties as head of the Russian presidential administration", but gave no reason.
Anton Vaino, who has served as Ivanov’s assistant since 2012, has been appointed as his successor.
Mr Ivanov, 44, was a former diplomat.
He was born in Tallinn, the capital of Estonia, in 1972, and graduated from the famous Moscow State Institute of International Relations (MGIMO) and previously worked at the embassy at Tokyo.
According to the official website of the Kremlin (in Russian), he was in charge of managing presidential proposals and government officials.
After receiving his appointment, he said to Mr Putin, “Thank you for your trust.”
I believe the most important job of this government is to support laws drafted by the leader of our country and implement administrative directives.
Putin told Russian television channels on Friday that Ivanov has resigned on his own request, and recommended Ivanov to succeed him as well.
Can this smile convince anyone?
Moscow is still confused about this act.
Sergei Ivanov has long been one of Vladimir Putin's closest allies and, like him, served in the Soviet security service (KGB).
As the Chief of Staff, he was once one of the most influential persons in the country.
At a meeting with President Putin broadcast by State television, the two men said that it was the Chief of Staff himself who tendered the resignation.
The candidate may be smiling in front of the camera, but no one is buying it, especially on the eve of local elections.
So, is this the result of having been defeated amid some sort of power struggle?
There is no way of knowing anything from this.
The official narrative however - a candidate who was previously regarded as a presidential candidate would suddenly choose to preside over Russia’s environmental policy - caused much suspicion.
The Kremlin website cited a conversation between Mr Ivanoc and Mr Putin. He said, “Yes, at the beginning of 2012, I did, in a conversation, ask you to appoint me to this difficult post, or you could even say, troublesome post, for a four-year period.”
“The result is that I've been the Chief of Staff of the Presidential Executive Office for 4 years and 8 months.”
Mr Ivanov assumed this position in December 2011.
Prior to that, he served as the deputy prime minister and defense minister.
He was a member of the Russian Security Council, and like Putin, was a former  member of the National Security Agency.
At the end of the 1990s, when Mr Putin was the director of the Federal Security Service (FSB, formerly the National Security Agency). Mr Ivanov was appointed his deputy.
After Mr Putin came into power, he designated Mr Ivanov as one of five persons in his trusted inner circle.
Other people thought that Ivanov may be able to become the President of Russia after Putin, because it is illegal in Russia to serve three consecutive terms as President.
However, the position finally went to another trusted Putin aid, Dmitry Medvedev.
Prior to taking office as President again three and a half years later, Mr Putin served as Prime Minister of Russia.
Mysterious fish spotted in Banff garden
A resident in Banff suddenly found a fish in the garden, and called for help.
Kevin Bain thought the 75 fish might be the sand eel brought by the waterspout.
Mr. Bain lives in a place about 500 meters away from the ocean. He published the video with the strange phenomenon on Periscope and hopes that someone is able to explain how these 2-inch long fishes appeared.
Queensferry Crossing is now connected to Fife
The planned completion for the 1.35 billion Sterling Pound project is May 2017.
Engineers have joined the north deck and viaduct of Queensferry Crossing, and said that the bridge now provides access to Fife.
The joining of the “deck fans” around the three towers of each bridge is near completion, and the project is the first joint bridge.
The bridge that started at Fife has a length of 600 meters and a mass of 30,000 tons.
10,000 tonnes of steel, 20,000 tonnes of concrete and 46 stay cables were used.
The GBP1.35 billion project is scheduled for completion in May 2017.
Minister of Economy Keith Brown visited the venue today and became one of the first people to ascend the Crossing.
He said: “This is a historical moment for the building of the Queensferry Crossing.”
We have witnessed the engineering work of such a massive project. More than 30,000 tonnes of concrete and steel were used just to build this section of this enormous bridge.
Despite the sheer size and mass of this bridge, completion of the elevated bridge and the joining of the bridge surface require precision engineering as well as equipment and parts made with great accuracy.
On the whole, close to 79% of the bridge deck has been installed. The concrete deck of the last bridge deck was cast at Rosyth today. In other words, the entire bridge deck is ready.
Queensferry Crossing Construction Company project supervisor Michael Martin said: “The first closure of the bridge surface is an important milestone for any bridge project.”
As far as this awesome project, the joining of the bridge displays cutting edge civil engineering technology.
Install the road slabs at the last section, and after connecting them to the road slabs of the expanded Beiqiaobao, join the remaining gaps on the north or the section close to land.
Completing this work requires shifting the northern approach viaduct by 700 millimeters.
This was a task of enormous scale, and one of extreme precision.
It is described as enormous because the viaduct is 222 meters long and weighs approximately 6,000 tonnes, requiring an incline of about 3%.
For precision, the engineering team must ensure that the offsets are extremely small and kept within several millimeters on each side.
What’s comforting is that everything was implemented smoothly.
Simon Biles acquires women's individual all-around champion
Forget about stress.
Forget about speculation.
Simone Biles was unaffected by all this.
Energetic performance on the pummel horse.
Performing with ease on the balance beam.
Astounding gymnastic routines in the floor event.
The entire performance was extremely exciting.
Finally, an Olympic champion.
This 19-year-old American gymnast took the all-around gold medal on Thursday, fully displaying her unparalleled gift in gymnastics at the Olympic Games.
She won the gold by a total of 62.198, much higher than the score of the Silver winner Aly Raisman from the Final Five and Bronze Aliya Mustafina from Russia.
On Thursday, American Simone Biles performed on the balance beam for the women’s individual all-around gymnastic event at the 2016 Summer Olympic Games held at Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Biles helped the US women’s gymnastic team realize four consecutive individual all-around championships at the Olympic Games. She won five medals in total at this Olympic Games, further confirming that she is the best gymnast of her generation, and perhaps even in history.
Once she saw her final score, Biles couldn’t hold back her tears. She has finally completed this long journey.
Like Michael Phelps, Biles has made it to the list of “rare athletes” who have driven their respective athletic sport to greater heights.
Biles has dominated the sport for the last 3 years, and have won a total of 15 World Championship medals, including 10 golds. Biles has set high goals for herself and trains hard everyday to reach higher levels of precision. Mary Lou Retton, Olympics champion of 1984, said: “Biles is the best gymnast I've ever seen.”
There is a final competition in Brazil, but instead of being a competition between Biles and other gymnasts, it should be regarded as a personal struggle of Biles against the stress generated by the massive expectations of her.
Everyone will be disappointed if Biles fail to return with a load of gold medals to her native home at Spring, Texas.
Simone Biles (left) and Laurie from the United States hugging each other. They respectively won the gold and silver in the women's artistic individual all-around during the 2016 Summer Olympics at Rio, Brazil, during August (Thursday).
Biles took her first gold medal on Tuesday, and will be delivering a surprising gift to Martha Karolyi, the coach of the national team who will be retiring soon.
Although Biles insisted that she has not planned for the future while dominating the world championships, the truth seems to suggest otherwise.
A segment of Biles’ floor exercise - including her marquee tumbling pass - was accompanied by Latin music, and this piece of music was precisely that which she listened to all the time at her lodging just a street away from the Arena Olímpica do Rio.
This is not a coincidence.
She was raised by her grandparents when she was a young child, and was eventually found to have great potential by the motherly coach Aimee Boorman who was conducting a inspection tour of the gym.
Since the summer of 2013, Biles had never failed in the all-around competition. As long as she wanted to, she would win.
It seems that Mustafina slight lead after her two spins is only illusory.
Simone Biles, reigning world champion of the balance beam and floor exercise, lay in wait.
She scored 15.433 on the balance beam, and 15.933 in the floor exercise.
After waiting for the final score to be provided, Raisman gave Biles a gentle hug. Biles cried when she knew she had achieved the score that she had dreamed for.
Raisman’s performance seems to be an act of vengeance for four years ago when she lost to Mustafina, who was then ranked third, during the finals game.
But this time, the 22-year old captain who has been laughably called “grandmother” by the Americans have gained a massive lead.
After the floor event, she blew a kiss to the crowd to announce her return. However, such a return look rather doubtful sometimes in the past.
Biles is just 19 years old. Since earlier this week, the news has gone viral on Twitter. For Biles, her life has taken on a whole new meaning.
“Riddled with bullets”, six-year-old Mahaj Brown survives Philadelphia shooting
Police claimed that a six-year-old boy was shot in Philadelphia, the second time a six-year-old child was shot in the city this week.
The grandparents of the child proved to CBS Philadelphia that the child who was shot was Mahaj Brown.
They say that multiple gunshot wounds were found on Brown’s groin, legs, arms, abdomen, and other parts of his body, but the child remained conscious on the way to the hospital.
“He was hit very badly. His small body was riddled with bullets,” Delores Melendez, his grandmother, told the television station.
I couldn’t believe my eyes.
The boy is in critical condition at the hospital and has received multiple operations.
His family told the TV station that the child is expected to recover.
He was supposed to enroll in a local elementary school as a grade 1 student.
Brown is one of the four shooting victims in Germantown.
Of the other three who were shot, two were 29 years old, and one, 32.
According to CBS Philadelphia, a 29-year-old victim is in critical condition, while another two victims are in stable condition.
The television station claimed that the child and the 29-year old victim, currently in critical conditions, were found at the front seat of the vehicle.
The two other victims are not in the car. The police is investigating whether the wounded include the gunman.
Investigators told CBS Philadelphia that it seems like a shooting incident involving multiple armed persons.
Numerous assault weapon cartridges were found at the scene. It could be inferred therefore, that they had used different assault weapons.
On this basis, this will undoubtedly be a long-drawn-out conflict.
Cartridges were found on the sidewalks on both sides of the road.
“Hence, we can see that there were multiple armed personnel engaged in intense battle at the site,” Anthony Ginaldi, Police Captain of Philadelphia, told the television station.
Many houses and vehicles were damaged in this region.
The arrest has yet to be carried out. The police are reportedly looking at the surveillance video.
On Tuesday, a 6-year old child (a girl) was hit by a stray bullet on her arm while playing at the doorsteps of her home in the West Oak Lane community.
She is currently recovering. The police is still hunting for the suspect.
Why we need Simon, Gabrielle, and Laurie
This was how I evaluated the women's Olympic gymnastic team, and there is more than one reason for it.
Firstly, I have attended every Summer Olympics since 1984, and the United States has never dominated the sport as they did today.
This team of gymnasts include 3 excellent athletes: Simone Biles, Gabby Douglas, and Lauren “Laurie” Hernandez who have inspired many girls of color.
The composition of the team is something that everyone can be proud of. It includes Aly Raisman, a Jew, and Madison Kocian, a Catholic.
This team is finally starting to look like an American team.
It also strengthened the leading position of African and Latin American women in this sport.
For the last four years, the best female gymnast in the US has been an African American.
Last year, Simone and Gabrielle were ranked first and second.
That was awesome.
In the previous Olympics, Gabrielle Douglas “surprisingly” became the Olympics champion, a feat that got America cheering.
Today, the world can witness the exciting performances of three-time world champions, Simone Biles, Gabby Douglas and Laurie Hernandez. They have elevated conventional gymnastic techniques to the highest level of artistic interpretation.
On Thursday, Simone helped the US team achieve four consecutive championships in the women’s individual all-around event.
Her teammate Aly Raisman won the silver medal.
We have ascended the zenith of this sport, but gymnastic classes throughout the entirety of the United States are not like this.
The journey that took Simon, Gabby, and Laurie into the Olympics team was similar to that experienced by Ali and Madison.
They will be the “Final Five” as the next Olympic gymnastics team will be composed of 4 athletes. This is the last year in which Marta Karolyi will be serving as the coach.
The truth is that gymnastics is an expensive sport. Gymnasts are mainly trained in private gymnastic clubs. Their parents must pay for expenses that include training, facilities, traveling, clothing, competition fees, and accommodation (including relevant expenses for the coach, gymnasts, and family members). The list of expenses is still growing.
Most sports clubs are situated in affluent neighborhoods that can provide support for this industry.
All the training of gymnasts was conducted at these clubs, which was a long-term and considerable expense for the families of gymnasts.
Aimee Boorman, Biles’ coach, and Maggie Haney, the coach of Hernandez, have coached the two gymnasts since they began training in gymnastics.
We must provide more practical and accessible gymnastic training to young girls who have been influenced by Simon, Gabrielle, and Laurie.
I founded my own gymnastics foundation 20 years ago.
In my organization, we provide free and affordable gymnastics to more than 15,000 urban youths (mainly Black and Hispanic Americans) in Black neighborhoods, and have nurtured national and even world champions.
We shall expand to Detroit (my hometown) in September to provide quality gymnastics to youths who deserve this learning opportunity and could benefit from this fantastic Olympic sport.
Gymnastics helps develop physical power, flexibility, and coordination. It also helps develop perseverance, self-discipline, and determination.
These can bring lifetime benefits to a person’s health, academic and career success.
Encouraged by this team, many girls will take up gymnastics. This is wonderful.
Participation in sports carries great significance, particularly for girls.
This is an inspiring moment.
We would like to thank Simone, Aly, Laurie, Gabrielle and Madison for their dazzling display of “girl power” enroute to winning the Olympic team gold medal, and we would also like to thank them for inspiring young girls from different backgrounds to unlock their path toward health, strength and success.
Junior doctors plan more strikes after rejecting Jeremy Hunt’s proposal
The ministers hope accepting the contract officially revised by the British Medical Association (BMA) will help end the disputes caused by the change. However, of the 37,000 junior doctors who participated in the vote, 58% opposed the contract.
In July, Mr. Hunt disclosed a plan to enforce the contract, and said that the National Health Service (NHS) of the UK is currently “in limbo”. Any delay will harm the interests of the employees and patients.
The new contract first raised the issue of altering the overnight and weekend work routines of junior doctors so as to improve nursing conditions during unsocial hours.
In a statement last night, Dr Ellen McCourt, Chairperson of BMA’s junior doctors’ committee, said, “Junior doctors still have serious concerns about the proposed contract, particularly that it will fuel the current workforce crisis, and that it fails to treat all doctors fairly.”
Only 8 weeks are left for the first batch of doctors to sign the new contract. There isn’t much time left. We must achieve progress.
BMA is working hard to resolve the dispute through negotiations. However, nobody wished to participate. Sometimes, the government responded with silence.
Nevertheless, we’ve received a promise from Jeremy Hunt that he will keep his doors open.
“Jeremy Hunt needs to take action now, cancel the forced implementation, and resolve the “issues of concern” of the junior doctors.
If he failed to do that, the junior doctors clearly expressed that they have made the necessary preparations to take the next step of labor actions.
The previous strike occurred at late April, and delayed nearly 13,000 standard operations and 100,000 appointments as nurses and consulting physicians provided cover for doctors on the picket line.
The ministers hoped that the acceptance of the contract revised by the BMA will help resolve the dispute sparked by the changes.
BMA hopes to fight for better weekend wages for the 54,000 junior doctors concerned.
Daniel Mortimer, Chief Executive Officer of NHS Employers, called upon the Junior Doctors to stop any protest.
Mr. Mortimer said: “The effects of labor actions are extremely limited, and instead generate pressure on teams and services who are doing what they can, causing anxiety, worry, and confusion amongst patients, healthcare personnel, and their family members.”
For the last two months, we have continuously tried to negotiate with the junior doctor association, and actively responded, together with the Department of Health and other departments, of their concerns relating to their role as supervisors and disclose information.
Employers hope to continue active investigations in other key issues such as flexibility in deployment and training, providing other form of training to people who have been re-employed after a hiatus from their professional career, training costs, joint consensus for the course outlines, training vacations, and gender pay gap in the medical profession. This means that the employers place great importance on the agreement reached between the employers, Health Education England, and Department of Health and the BMA in November, February, and May.
Drug that cost 2 pounds per day can reduce risks of heart attack incidence
Relevant officials recommended promoting a GBP2 per day drug to more patients, and extending the period of taking medication. Going forward, thousands of cardiovascular patients will benefit from this drug.
Platelet aggregation inhibitor, ticagrelor, can lower the risk of a repeat heart attack among cardiac patients.
Using this drug for 12 months after a heart attack episode can help reduce recurrence of stroke or heart attack.
The National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE), an organization under the National Health Service (NHS) of the UK, recommended patients to keep using the drug for 4 years in order to further reduce risks of cardiovascular disease.
Now however, NHS regulator, NICE recommends that patients continue to take medication for four years so as to further lower the risk of cardiovascular diseases.
In England, about 140,000 individuals suffer from cardiac diseases, and one out of four of these individuals will suffer from recurrence in heart attack or experience a stroke.
Heart attacks and strokes are caused by plaque from the buildup of fatty substances formed on the walls of arteries.
When the plaque breaks, it will induce a thrombus and obstruct blood flow into the heart, leading to a heart attack.
If the thrombus moves, it will enter the blood stream and prevent blood flow into the brain, leading to a stroke.
A patient who had suffered a heart attack has a higher risk of another attack.
Ticagrelor (trade name Brilique) is a platelet aggregation inhibitor produced by AstraZeneca.
The NICE guidance draft issued today recommended patients take 90mg of ticagrelor for 12 months, and in the subsequent three years, 60mg of ticagrelor and two aspirins should be taken each day.
Dr. Carole Longson, director of the NICE health technology assessment center, said: “Despite having a number of effective secondary preventive treatments, more than a quarter of patients who experienced heart attack will experience another episode of heart attack or stroke, leading to devastating results.”
Fear of a relapse has a very negative impact on a person’s quality of life.
Evidence suggest that ticagrelor and aspirin, when taken together, can effectively reduce recurrence of heart conditions and risks for stroke for patients who had experienced heart attacks before.
The temporary recommendation of ticagrelor will provide more treatment alternatives for thousands of beneficiaries; for this we are deeply gratified.
However, due to the limited information on the therapeutic efficacy and safety of ticagrelor, especially the risks of bleeding, this instruction proposal does not recommend continuous use of the drug for subsequent treatment.
Computer-based culture causing rampant “electoral fraud” in Muslim Areas
Lutfur Rahman, former mayor of Tower Hamlets, was dismissed last year for corruption, prompting the publication of a government report.
The culture of “political correctness” has made electoral malpractice commonplace among the Muslim community, a harmful government report had thus revealed today.
Former cabinet minister Sir Eric Pickles accused the police, election supervision agencies, and city government for being “overly sensitive regarding racial segregation and religious issues” and turning a blind eye to evidence pointing to election abuse.
This former Secretary of State for Communities and Local Government and current anti-corruption chief said that the impact of using religious position to intimidate voters is abominable. The police should be allowed to set up cordons outside balloting stations to protect terrified voters.
He recommended that voters bring along their identity cards when they go to the polling station to prove their own identity.
At this time, voters are only required to state their name and address.
The report even suggest applying indelible ink on the fingers of voters to avoid any repeated voting.
Sir Eric said that protection for informants should be stepped up.
He called for adding channels for the media to understand documents related to the meeting and decision making processes by non-official committees or task groups.
“This not only prevents electoral fraud, it also protects local governments from being affected by the culture of rampant corruption and the dangers posed by financial fraud intimately linked to it,” he said.
Downing Street requested this report be published after the Tower Hamlets election scandal in East London occurred.
Last year, a special Election Court ruled that incumbent mayor Rahman was involved in a series of corrupt and illegal practices, and should be removed from office.
The court found that Rahman has “laughably abused” religious emotions in Muslim communities, and avoided accusations of racial discrimination and Islamophobia targeted against him.
It was said that Rahman “declared that those who vote for him are devout Muslims doing what’s needed of them by their religion.”
As many as 300 ballots appeared suspicious, and may be fraudulently cast by other voters.
Sir Eric said that there was proof that election fraud existed across the country.
In particular, he warned about postal voting fraud. It was reported that pressure was being put on voters of Muslim communities to force these voters to vote for candidates according to the will of the elders.
Sir Eric (in the picture) has put forward numerous recommendations on putting the voting mechanism in order, including bringing one’s identity card to prove one’s identity
He said in the report, “Evidence was presented of pressure being put on vulnerable members of some ethnic minority communities, particularly women and young people, to vote according to the will of the elders, especially in communities of Pakistani and Bangladeshi background.”
“Given over-sensitivity as regards ‘political correctness’ in ethnic division and religion, they are concerned that national agencies will choose to ignore such behavior.”
Sir Eric proposed 50 recommendations to sort out the voting mechanism, including banning political campaigners from handling postal ballots to prevent “vote harvesting”.
The report also called for checking registration information rigorously to prevent the electoral register from being used for immigration and welfare fraud. Theresa May is also considering this report.
These recommendations include requesting voters show their identity card before they vote.
Applying indelible ink on the fingers of voters after they vote will prevent people from double voting.
Systematically verify a voter’s nationality to ensure voting qualification.
The effective period for automatic mailing a voting request is set to three years.
The handling of postal ballots and postal ballot envelopes by political activists and radicals should be prohibited.
Authorize the police to set up cordons around the balloting stations.
Provisions of the law have been revised so that individuals can be more easily accused of intimidation in accordance with the Representation of the People Act 1983.
According to regulations, it is illegal to take photographs at the polling station.
Stipulate that only English may be used at polling stations (excluding Wales).
Training shall be stepped up to ensure that all workers enforce the regulation where “members of the electing public head to the voting booth alone”.
Sir Eric blasted the Metropolitan Police and found it to be “surprising” why they failed to push for any criminal charges after the incident at Tower Hamlets.
“Rahman and his campaign staff have committed corruption and a large number of illegal activities. His qualifications as an election candidate has therefore been revoked by the election courts,” he said.
According to criminal evidence standards, he is guilty, beyond a doubt, in many areas.
He also criticized the superficial measure of “check box inspections” of the election registration department of the city government.
Sir Eric said: “The court verdict given to Tower Hamlets is a warning sign to everyone.”
Our country has the glorious tradition as being the “mother of parliamentarism”. However, it is worrisome that certain organizations have engaged in secretive electoral fraud and tried to deny their actions afterwards. Such acts also threaten our fine reputation.
Growing fad for Rio Olympics cyclist bearing resemblance to Catherine, the Duchess of Cambridge, and other celebrity-lookalike athletes
At the 2016 Rio Olympic Games this week, French cyclist Pauline Frrand Prevot, Princess Kate’s doppelganger, attracted much attention among viewers.
However, this 24-year old Olympic athlete is not the only one to run into a celebrity in this Summer Olympics. At least that’s what the social media believes in.
To celebrate all celebrity faces that have appeared in the Rio Olympics and television screens at that time, FEMAIL has compiled a list of Olympic athletes whose face bear close resemblance to that of Hollywood celebrities.
Hunter and the wolf: Brady Ellison (left) of the US men's archer team who has been compared to Leonardo DiCaprio since a young age.
In addition to the contestant on the cycling track who was Kate's doppelganger, many netizens soon discovered that a certain archer was the twin of Leonardo DiCaprio.
Ever since his photograph that bore a striking resemblance to the Wolf of Wall Street protagonist was revealed on Twitter, the American archer Brady Ellison started a massive trend in social media networks.
In fact, the archer sensed the hype in the social media and admitted that he has been said to have a "DiCaprio face" since a kid.
“I think that other than the beard, we don't look very much alike,” Brady told Huffington Post.
“He looks like a handsome playboy. I guess I should take this as a compliment.”
The "celebrity face match" popular in the 2012 London Olympic Games are even hotter this year, for example the British jumper  Greg Rutherford and the famous Neil Patrick Harris.
Russian gymnast Aliya Mustafina has eyes that spoke volumes, and is said to resemble Cuban American singer Gloria Estefan.
In the swimming arena, South African swimmer Cameron van der Burgh has always been compared with Matthew Morrison, the main singer of Glee.
Reload: This user feels that Nathan Adrian is the “sports version” of this Inception actor.
Another common comparison is the tennis star Rafael Nadal and the actor Josh Hartnett. The two bear striking resemblance thanks to their thick eyebrows and lips.
Russian swimmer Yulia Efimova who won the silver medal share the similar bronze skin tone and blond hair as actress Annalynne McCord, while Nathan Adrian of the US team has been regarded, by his fans, as the “athletic version of Joseph Gorgon Levitt”.
Heroines: Football star Hope Solo (left) and actress Jennifer Carpenter who starred in Dexter (right) have similar facial shapes and eyes.
Not one and only: A Twitter user happily discovered that others also noticed the similarities
Communication theory: According to this user, there may be a reason why the pair look alike
A Twitter user recently announced happily on the net that “other netizens also think that Hope Solo and Jennifer Carpenter actually look exactly alike.”
Indeed, the American football star and the leading actor of Dexter shared the similar facial forms and eyes.
Other popular comparisons include Kerri Walsh Jennings, whose smile is almost similar to actress Laura Linney, as well as gold medal winning gymnast Gabby Douglas, whose beautiful and radiant smile is exactly the same as Bring It On star Gabrielle Union.
The Olympic commentator of CBS apologized for the expression that Chinese swimmers are "died like a pig".
On Wednesday, a comment made by Byron MacDonald on 14-year-old Ai Yanhan, whose team placed 4th in the women’s 4x200 meter freestyle relay angered viewers who were watching the live broadcast of the Olympic Games on Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC)
A commentator from the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC) described a 14-year old Chinese swimmer as having “went out like stink” and finally “died like a pig”. CBC was later forced to apologize for this.
The commentator Byron MacDonald expressed his opinions after the completion of the 4 x 200 women’s freestyle relay, and said that he thought his microphone has already been switched off.
Viewers heard Byron, a member of the CBC team of commentators, who wore “tinted glasses” comment, “The little 14-year-old from China dropped the ball, baby.”
Too excited, went out like stink and died like a pig.
She really did a lot.
Ai Yanhan, the 14-year old Chinese swimmer, took the second leg of the relay which she completed in 1 minute 57.59 seconds, a full 1.61 seconds behind the Canadian swimmer Taylor Ruck, allowing the Canadian team to shorten their gap with the Chinese team.
Every audience in Canada was shocked by the tone and language used by the commentator. They quickly responded to this on the Internet.
Emmett Macfarlane twitted: “Did the CBC commentator say that the 14-year old Chinese swimmer was as slow as a pig?”
This idiot was not aware that he was live on air.
Ai Yanhan, the Chinese swimmer participating in the 4x200 m freestyle relay finals, was described: “That 14-year old Chinese girl made a foolish mistake.”
The criticisms leveled at Byron MacDonald quickly spread throughout Twitter. Many people asked Byron to resign from his job as commentator.
Twitter users did not stop there when they heard that Byron MacDonald has responded slowly over this incident.
Sarah Paradis, another Twitter user, wrote: “Wow! #Byron MacDonald.
You represent CBC and Canada. Your words and actions make us all sound like racists.# How disgusting.
Not long after, CBC broadcaster Scott Russel apologized for Byron’s words, saying: “We apologize for the comments made about the swimmers during the live stream.”
“We are very sorry for the inappropriate and unfortunate choice of words.”
CBS has been apologized 90 times to the twitter users replied to the post.
Another commentator, Scott Russel, also apologized on behalf of Byron
CBC later copied and duplicated its apology to over 90 Twitter users who protested Byron’s explanations.
This channel quickly apologized and issued an official statement.
We are extremely sorry for what was said and that it was broadcast live.
We took action swiftly last night, and apologized to viewers who were watching our live broadcast as well as those who were following us on social media.
It should be noted that Byron’s commentary was aimed at the performance of the swimmer rather than swimmer herself.
So the choice of words was inappropriate. Byron felt deeply sorry about this.
Mike Donald tried to excuse himself by apologizing in the live show on the Thursday afternoon, saying he had zero intention of personal attack.
“I wanted to spend some time to apologize for what I said after the end of the women's relay,” he said during the CBC Olympics broadcast.
“I was merely commenting on the performance of swimmer rather than the particular individual.”
“Sorry. I mean no disrespect. I’m sorry.”
Primark customer outraged at woman who had the cheek to try on underwear in the middle of the store
A woman stripped down to try on undergarments in the middle of a store at Primark. Shocked customers don’t know where to look.
The worst part is that she even checked how she looked after wearing the underwear before taking them off and putting them back on the shelves.
She continued to peruse the shelves, and finally tried on four pieces of underwear in this store at Bouverie Place Shopping Mall in Folkestone.
The woman kept trying panties one after another without buying in the Primark shop at the Bouverie Place Shopping Center, Folkestone.
Jenny Davidson (a mother of two) was also in the shop at the time. After trying on the underwear, this mysterious woman “put on her clothes again and left the shop. She didn’t buy anything.”
She said: “Nobody believed what they just saw.”
She stood in the middle of the store, took the next underwear from the store shelf, took off her own tights and underwear, and then tried on the store underwear.
“She did not attempt to find a secluded area to try on her clothes - she just stood there; how shameless!”
"Everyone was shocked when she took off the panties again. Obviously she was not happy with it because she put it back on the shelve.
She then repeated this for three more pieces of underwear and found that none of them were to her liking. She then wore her clothes and left the store.
“She didn’t seem to mind if someone was watching her - nor think about the person who might eventually buy the piece of underwear that she had tried on.”
Ms Davidson (33 years old), a resident of Kent, said, “The thought of someone buying another person’s worn but unwashed underwear makes me sick.”
This incident occurred in a Tuesday afternoon.
Davidson added: “When she left, the store assistant seems to be taking the underwear off the shelf for subsequent handling, and it was fortunate that it happened.”
“I hate it when I buy a supposedly new underwear home and found that another woman has worn it and did not wash it.”
Primark spokesperson said: “Primark is aware of the incident that occurred at the Folkestone storefront on August 9 (Tuesday).”
All contaminated products have been removed from the shelves.
How to use krav maga to protect yourself in the event of a gun attack
This world is a dangerous place, but the video on Dailymail.com may provide you with a sense of security.
We then asked master Rhon Mizrachi of the Krav Maga Federation of New York to understand how to deal with an assailant armed with a gun at close range.
It does not matter if he approaches from the front or rear. This video will teach you how to reverse such encounters to your advantage.
Mizrachi said if the gunman approaches you from the back, the first thing to do is to turn around to get a good look at the attacker and to “eliminate the line of fire”.
Then clamped the gun by forearm and shoulder, before striking the face of attacker by your elbow.
Next, hit the assailant’s groin with the knee cap. When the assailant bends over in pain, turn the gun in his hand around and hit his face with the gun barrel and the rear of the gun, making sure that the weapon is pointed at him.
If the shooter approaches from the front, use the same technique - move  your body away from the scope of the firing line, grab the gun and flip muzzle around to prevent the shooter from shooting.
At the same time, put your weight on the gun and hit the chest area of the assailant, and then turn the gun held by the assailant around so that it faces him instead.
Does it sound complicated?
Take a look at the video to see how Mizrachi actually did it.
But remember, if you're not a master of Krav Maga, the safest method to get out of a mugging situation is to hand over your cash.
A family of hooligans wrecked low-rent housing in Saltash Cornwall before being evicted
A family of miscreants who was evicted for terrorizing their neighbors vandalized their cheap rental property before leaving, causing a loss of 50,000 Sterling pounds.
After receiving a long string of complaints, Tanya Skeldon and her husband Shaun Trebilcock were evicted from their cheap rental property located at Saltash in Cornwall County.
The officials of housing association was stunned to discover the place was damaged severely after the forced evacuation.
The walls are covered with holes. The floor has been ripped up. Garbage is strewn everywhere, and there is graffiti all over the walls.
The family has been moving after the evacuation. It was said they are lodging in a private residence.
Donna McEvoy, housing manager at Cornwall Housing, said she feared the house would be beyond rescue.
She said, “For the people who live here, this is a nightmare. I don’t think people can live like that.”
There are many things that must be considered. This house may become a negative factor for Cornwall County.
This family is infamous, and their name is equally notorious.
This couple has 3 sons. They would live here every now and then. The police expressed that the household commits terror activities that include fighting in the street with baseball bats, intimidating nearby residents, drug abuse, drug dealing, shouting, arguing, and cursing.
In June, a 47-year old renter named Skeldon received a resolution for his anti-social behaviors.
Trashed-filled rooms in a house that may be demolished
Floorboards of the room where drugs were traded were lifted
Neighboring residents said that they often see them fighting in the streets, and often called the police to deal with this.
After giving an 11-week extension to voluntarily leave the place, the Cornwall County Residential Authority forcibly evicted her and her husband from their residence this week.
Neighbors who finally breathed a sign of relief cheered because of this. They said that life in the past was a living hell.
A neighbor said: “They don't care about anyone.”
We lived next to them for 20 years. It’s been terrible all this time.
We have seen the police come by many times.
“We couldn’t sleep this morning.”
We woke up early because it was just too quiet. We are not used to this yet!
They finally left. Thank goodness.
Cornwall Housing's neighborhood enforcement manager Adam Fitzpatrick said that this family failed to cooperate with the local government.
The family lived in this house for 20 years and has been frequented by the police
Rubbish and old toys are thrown at the side of the low-rent housing project where weeds are overgrown
He added: “What is disappointing is that the tenant did not bear any responsibility for the actions that she and her family members have committed. Eviction is the final measure considered by the Cornwall residence committee.”
This is a very difficult case to handle because their behavior was rather extreme. What they did must have terrified the neighbors.
I thank my team for the work they have done. I also want to thank the Devon and Cornwall Police as well as members of the community who have courageously provided us with information.
I hope that this act will bring some comfort to the neighborhood, and transmit this message: We shall not tolerate anti-social behavior.
Mr. Fitzpatrick expressed that their three sons have lived in this house at different times, but he also added that they're only in their twenties.
After they were evicted, a dirty mattress was left on the floor of one of the bedrooms
Housing association workers swiftly cleaned up heaps of garbage around the house
In 2014, police had searched this house and found more than 70 grams of marijuana, as well as scales, drug kits and GPB1,700 in cash.
After pleading guilty, Skeldon was fined for possession of Class B drugs and intent to traffick drugs.
She claimed that the money would be used to buy a headstone for her son, Lee Skeldon, who died in a car accident in 2013.
From our understanding, after losing her home, Tanya and her husband is now residing at a private house at Plymouth.
Graffiti littered the walls of many of the rooms in this residence.
The police expressed that they will evict any tenant who violate the tenants’ rule of conduct.
Angela Crow of the police department of Devon and Cornwall said that this eviction will send a clear warning to tenants who continue to violate the tenants’ code of conduct.
“This warning is directed as those who think that nobody will complain about their behaviors, and for people who were victimized by such behaviors,” she said.
Police departments of Devon and Cornwall tolerate zero criminal and anti-social activity. They will continue protecting our community with partners.
Reid: Hilary would pick Garland as nominee for the Supreme Court if she was elected president
Harry Reid, the Democratic Party leader in the United States Senate, said that he believes that if the Democratic Party presidential candidate Hillary Clinton becomes the President, she will nominate Merrich Garland to the Supreme Court.
Since Barack Obama nominated Garland, Republican senators have constantly refused to ratify Garland’s nomination.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell expressed that the next President will select this person to replace Antonin Scalia, the late Justice of the Supreme Court.
Reed said, during a teleconference on Thursday, that he expects Hillary to select Garand, which is “somewhat reliable”.
A spokeswoman for Reid said subsequently that Reid did not speak to Hilary directly about whether she would nominate Garland, and said that he was just guessing.
He praised Garland profusely, and said that Hillary’s team did not wish to “make a mess” because of the new candidate.
Garland is the  Chief United States Circuit Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit.
Reid said that Republicans blocking Garland’s nomination are Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump’s “minions” and “enablers”.
He said Trump is not President-type.
Treats: A nude calendar “both men and women will love”
Treats magazine will be working with photographer David Bellemere to create a 2017 calendar inspired by Pirelli designs of 1970s.
They plan to seek a new generation of top models for their 2017 NU Muses calendar rather than use famous nudes this time round.
Treats magazine publisher Steve Shaw expressed earlier today that their magazine which features nudes primarily, is different from the old style Playboy magazine because “the latter is directed at men”.
And we are facing the women.
Apparently, he believes that these diaries are the same as well.
“We need to display lasting and classic nudes that make men and women feel comfortable, and it was precisely this that inspired us,” Shaw said at a briefing to promote the calendar.
Women enjoyed participating in this  shoot because it was a beautiful piece of artwork.
Models may apply by submitting their photos online. They may also apply in person at the open recruitment centers in Los Angeles and New York.
Video report: The small-headed sleeper shark is the longest-living vertebrate.
Scientists indicate that the Greenland shark is a vertebrate with the longest lifespan on Earth.
Julius Nielsen, who has always been studying sharks, said that according to recorded data, there is a female small-headed sleeper shark with an age of 272 to 512 years and a body length of up to 5 meters.
French court rejects petition to dismantle shops in the Jungle refugee camp
A French court rejected the proposal of the Calais government aiming to dismantle dozens of temporary shops and restaurants in the refugee “jungle”. Over a thousand refugees currently reside within this camp.
During the court hearings of this week, the Calais government argued that the French government has the right to dismantle a total of 72 temporary shops and establishments within the refugee camp. At these stores located within the refugee camps, people could sell cigarettes, energy drinks, and other merchandise, provide haircuts, and even sell tea at 50 US cents (40 pence) or a basic meal for several Euros at temporarily constructed restaurants.
The Calais prefect’s office believed that these places should be dismantled because they were a non-tax paying parallel economy. They were also fire and hygiene risks.
However, humanitarian groups expressed to the court that these stores and restaurants are especially important because the free food provided by associations sponsored by public agencies and other groups is unable to meet the needs of the growing number of refugees within the camp.
They claimed that these shops and restaurants that are temporarily constructed are to provide shelter and free food for the needy.
A court in Lille ruled that there was no legal basis for evicting the operators of the 72 temporary stores but said that the concern of the governor of Calais was “completely understandable”.
Judge Jean·François Molla said that the role of these grocery stores, cafés and restaurants were far from simply providing food to the refugees who were “living in extremely precarious conditions".
He said that some places are peaceful gathering locations for refugees and volunteers.
One of the areas threatened with dismantling is the Jungle Book Kids coffee house in the refugee camp. This non-profit vendor provides 200 meals a day, lessons in English and French, and provide sheltering consultation for hundreds of underprivileged youths within the refugee camp.
More than 170,000 individuals signed a petition to preserve the coffee house.
In a letter to the Guardian, closing this coffee house “will be a major disaster to these children (many of whom are only eight years old).”
The two charity organizations of Help Refugees and L'Auberge des Migrants estimated on Friday that the number of refugees in the Jungle refugee camp has reached 9,000, the highest figure on the records since the number of refugees exploded after summer.
“This 5,000 RMB subsidy really resolved my current crisis.”
Zhou Fen, a girl from a poor household for which information has been recorded and archived, living in Mipo Village, Changle Township, Huayuan County, received an admission notice from Nanhua University.
Just as she started to worry about tuition fees, the county committee of the league provided her with a timely sum of aid money of 5,000 RMB on August 9.
For days, relevant departments in the counties have provided 2.838 million RMB of bursaries for over 690 college students from poor families.
For families facing extremely difficult economic situations, social donations for school subsidies are also organized to help students complete their academic careers.
For this year, Huayuan has consolidated a sum of over 18.50 million RMB for academic scholarships and independently financed a sum of over 2.5 million RMB for this purpose. The financial department will transfer the fees to a named bank account of the needy students within the specified time period.
She thankfully said: “I thought my older brother and I would never make it to college after my father passed away. We never thought that the county will promptly provide us with assistance to address the issue.”
As of August 8, Huayuan has provided poor students with over 21 million RMB in subsidies and bursaries for 13,140 poor students for the first half of this year.
Every poor student in this county has received financial assistance and subsidy.
At the site, reporters saw a large container tractor unit parking next to the fast lane under the direction of the traffic police. The container has fallen on the landscape lane, creating a pit 2-cm deep by the road side.
According to news from Xinhuanet, the New South Wales state government of Australia will be spending 200 million Australian Dollars (approximately equivalent to 154 million USD) for the largest renovation project for the Sydney Opera House since the construction of the building.
The restoration will not change the shell shape of the theater, said the NSW government.
The Sydney Opera House designed by Danish architect Jørn Utzon was completed in 1973, receiving around 8 million visitors  annually as a urban landmark.
​Sydney Symphony Orchestra Managing Director Rory Jeffes believed that the Sydney Opera House would use this renovation to “turnaround” and become “a concert hall with the greatest acoustics in the world.”
Non-residents of Beijing who have lived in Beijing for more than six months, and comply with the one of the conditions of having legal and stable employment, legal and stable residence or continuous study, may apply for a residence permit.
Recently, Beijing issued detailed rules for the implementation of the Interim Rules on Residence Permit. This implies that the “temporary residence permit” will be upgraded to “residence permit”.
Head officials of relevant departments said that the transformation of “temporary residence permit” to “residence permit” meant that the City of Beijing will move away from “managing” long-term residents from outside the city and instead provide them with a wide selection of services.
Reporters learned from the State Administration of Taxation that as of end-June this year, tax authorities at various levels have disclosed a tax violation “blacklist” comprising 2470 cases.
It was reported that in July 2014, the State Administration of Taxation took the first step among the functional departments of the Central Government, and announced the Measures for the Administration of Taxpayer Creditworthiness together with the Measures for Announcing Information Concerning Major Unlawful Tax Practices.
Not only will the facts of malfeasance, legal basis, and the handling and punishment pertaining to these cases be released to the public, the basic information of the perpetrators as well as the relevant competent persons of the intermediaries will also be listed in a “blacklist” and disclosed.
Quality inspections, finances, customs, and other government institutions also implemented punitive measures against parties on the “blacklist”.
“Credit score repair is an important milestone for building tax credit system, and even the social credit system. It signifies continuous development, perfection, and maturation in building a social credit system in our country.”
“Environmental problems are reflected in air, water, and soil pollution but are ultimately rooted in production methods and lifestyle.”
For example, in 2015, the extent of land development in Jiangsu Province was 21%, the highest among all provinces and autonomous regions in the country.
Therefore, there has been a lack of radical response to issues pertaining to heavy pollution, big energy and large land coverage in terms of a change in production methods and lifestyle.
On the one hand, based on the results of the establishment of various levels and types of ecological environment in Jiangsu Province, it ranks first on an overwhelming basis. On the other hand, however, the resource environment in under significant pressure.
Effective promotion of ecological conservation and governance requires a fundamental transformation of production methods and lifestyles. An ecological and civilized approach to development can promote and benefit everyday life.
In November, 42 pieces of wind turbine blade manufactured by China Guodian Corporation were loaded at Lianyungang port for export to South Africa.
Since last year, Guodian Corporation has exported a total of 163 wind power projects to South Africa from the Port of Lianyungang.
The third party company (non-Chinese company) commissioned by the International Olympic Committee to manufacture the flags is located in the State of São Paulo 75 kilometers away from the City of São Paulo.
To urge manufacturers to complete their work as soon as possible, the Chinese Embassy in Sao Paulo arranged for experts to go to the manufacturers  to perform detailed work.
After 30 hours of overtime, the manufacturer finally finished making the Chinese flags and loaded them for shipment, completing a task that was to have taken four to five working days ahead of time.
It was reported that the flag is expected to arrive in Rio on the 11th. The Olympic Committee, upon receiving the flag, will deliver it to all the Olympic stadiums. The Chinese Embassy in Brazil will oversee the entire process until its completion.
According to our correspondents, on the 10th day, the Nantong city government held a Shanghai-Nantong Business Partnership Bidding at the Shanghai International Convention Center. Over 180 Shanghai businesses were invited to the event and signed, at the site, projects worth over 2 billion RMB for Shanghai-Nantong business projects.
Total investments for 20 projects of the centralized agreement amounted to 8.063 billion RMB, and involves multiple sectors such as new energy, new materials, and modern services.
Qingdao is the 12th city in the nation and the first in Shandong Province to implement the pilot program for paying for the use and trading of emissions rights.
On the 11th, many companies submitted emission rights purchase applications at the Qingdao Emissions Trading Center. Those who successfully applied for the rights will start paying a usage fee.
The imminent completion of this first trade also marks the official launch of the pilot program for the trading of emission rights in Qingdao. This will also be the first emission rights trade in the Province as well as the first city-level  emission rights trade in the nation.
In the morning of the 11th, Zhao Xiuping, general manager of Qingdao Shuangtao Jingxi Chemical Industry (Group) came to the Qingdao City Emissions Trading Center to submit an application to purchase emission rights.
This corporation, situated in the factory area of Old Town of Qingdao, stopped its production lines at the end of last year, and was moved, using environment-friendly means, to a new plant area in Pingdu.
Zhao Xiuping submitted the application form, environmental impact report, and other materials for the construction project. The Qingdao City Emissions Reserve and Trading Service Center began preliminary reviews of the application materials.
According to the collection criteria determined by Qingdao’s pricing, finance and other departments, the  initial usage fee for emissions rights is currently estimated at approximately RMB641,200. Staff will complete checking and ratification within seven working days.
The first transaction, which will be completed soon, also marks the formal initiation of the Qingdao Emissions Trading Pilot Project. This will also be the first emissions trading in the province and the first city-level emissions trading in the entire country.
Zhao Xiuping said, “Presently, enterprises have invested RMB400 million in environmental protection. On the surface, this seems an enormous amount, but it has a profound impact on both the operational and management philosophy of enterprises as well as social benefit, and has provided room for innovative management by enterprises.
On that day, Qingdao Sifang Xincheng Zhizhuo Coach Components Co., Ltd. also came to apply for and purchase emission rights for the project to produce 4,200 pieces of interior accessories and components for high speed train and electric multiple units.
This project is initiated by a mechanical processing company. The company is applying for an initial emissions as chemical oxygen demand (COD) of 0.514 tons/year and ammonia nitrogen (NOX) of 0.052 tons/year.
Paying for the use and trading of air pollutant emissions rights is for the city’s key power and heat production and supply industrial enterprises.
Existing polluting companies that have received a bad rating prior to January 1, 2016 will be temporarily exempt from the usage fee.
“Paying for emission rights does not mean gaining the right to generate illegal emissions. The payer may not emit waste as they like.”
Deputy Director Han Hongyan of the Qingdao Environmental Protection Bureau explained that illegal emissions or emissions that exceed specified limits shall be subject to penalties according to relevant laws. Violating companies will not be able to purchase emission rights to avoid punishments.
In another word, we should fight against environmental offense and  excessive discharge by enterprises with serious legal action to protect our environment and public health.
Enterprises are now more enthusiastic about pollution treatment because of their own interests; limited emission rights are valued, and emission of pollutants has decreased.
Driven by economic interest, reducing emission of pollutants will shift from mandatory acts imposed by the government to conscious corporate market behavior. Thus, the goal of protecting the environment and nature as well as ensuring public health will be achieved.
The right to discharge pollutants, or “emission rights”, are a right to emit pollutants, i.e., polluters, within a quota allocated by the government, enjoy the right to discharge pollutants into the environment according to the law.
This right is in essence, the right polluters have on the ownership, use and profit of existing resources in the environment.
In the next step, under the pretext of keeping total emissions within the allowable emission volume, various internal sources of pollution shall use currency exchange to modulate emissions.
Emissions trading was first proposed by the US economist Dales in 1968. In the 1970s, the US made use of this to manage sources of atmospheric and river pollution.
Pilot programs were initiated since 2007. Currently, the program is being fully implemented at Zhejiang, Jiangsu, and other 14 provinces (in districts and cities).
Information given by the Russian Ministry of Defense said that in order to support the 6 strategic bombers to conduct air strikes of “Islamic State” targets within Syria, multiple Russian military aircraft has taken off from the Khmeimim Air Base from Syria to provide assistance.
On February 22 this year, the US and Russia has reached an agreement on a general ceasefire for the Syrian conflict. The ceasefire agreement will be enforced starting on the 27th day of the month.
According to the agreement, the ceasefire does not apply to military strikes implemented against the Islamic State, the al-Nusra Front, and other UN-recognized terrorist groups.
Russia will continue to construct relevant military infrastructure at this base so that the living conditions of Russian soldiers will be ensured.
He added that if extremist organizations are not suppressed, these forces will spread to Russia.
Although Russia and the West have yet to achieve a consensus in beating back extremist forces in Syria, Russia will be stepping up its partnerships with Syria, Iran, and Iraq relating to this matter.
In September 2015, at the invitation of the Syrian government, Russia commenced military strikes against extremist forces in Syria.
On March 15 this year, Russia has withdrawn its main military forces for Syria. However, Russia promises that it will continue to maintain a garrison at the Khmeimim Air Base and Tartus Naval Base.
In the revival of old residences and successful village entrepreneurship cases, He Peijun gave a very good demonstration: Inheritance of a century-old home and the telling of a story on the inheritance of a piece of land.
To date, about 100,000 people will visit Zhushan every year, some bring various kinds of creativity, while others seek inner solace.
In fact, the rural-urban relationship should be one of companionship, like mother and child, without the difference between strong and weak, without requiring who was to govern whom; it should be very warm.
There are no fixed model for rural development, but it is extremely difficult for a village to achieve changes on its own. The most important point is to ensure that the right people is sent to the villages.
Departments of traffic control at Songjiang District of Shanghai City recently made use of electronic police to address the issue of using the cellphone while driving. 30 violators were identified within a week.
As smart phones become more prevalent, mobile phones have become more fun. Swiping weixin, sending weibos, and even playing games and shopping on Taobao have become the norm. Many appear unable to leave their mobile phones alone for even an instant, even when  driving.
The Road Traffic Safety Law expressly prohibits using one's mobile phone while driving, and has defined it as “obstructing safe driving”.
Shamefully, due to the number of violators and difficulties in gathering evidence, this phenomenon has not been properly punished. The law, it seems, is only for show.
If traffic control departments are determined to “declare war” against drivers using mobile phones and establish legal actions as standard practice, such violations can be controlled accordingly.
Household registration files must be stringently managed. Digital and printed household registration files must be established for personnel with no household registration to ensure the comprehensiveness and effectiveness of the file documents.
Public security bureaus should promptly notify the status of registering those without household registration permits to the relevant departments.
Policies and measures not consistent with the principle of the opinions regarding this implementation shall be cleaned out at once. Changes shall be enforced thoroughly, and things that should be removed must be terminated without hesitation.
In the large collective greenhouse of Donglin Village, Taicang City, workers, led by 48-year-old Wang Xuefen, are spraying pesticide on pear trees.
Twelve workers and one technician are enough for the 150mu groove with 10 varieties.
Last year, the total amount of money was fifty thousand. At my age, I definitely couldn’t make this amount of money if I were to work at a factory.
Last year, village-level revenue of Donglin Village reached 22.00 million, of which agricultural income accounted for nearly half of this figure.
Village Secretary Su Qifang: arable land area per capita is rising each year. It was 50 mu initially, and more than 100 mu now; average efficiency per mu is also rising annually. There is also room for the income of professional farmers to grow each year as well.
Shares have been quantified and distributed to every villager. The biggest highlight of the Sunan Rural Collective Economy Reform is clearly stipulating the ownership of business operation assets of the rural collective and investigating the separation of politics and economy.
The 14 Rural Economic Cooperatives（REC) in Anzhen Neighborhood, Xishan Dis., Wuxi and their corresponding village committees adopted the " account-divided management" from July, 2015. The committees were responsible for public affair, while the cooperatives for operation.
The two institutions will keep separate accounting books to avoid “overlaps”. This will prevent village officials from engaging in corrupt practices when  managing collective assets.
According to Zhu Baoping, deputy director of the Jiangsu Agriculture Committee, the next step for Jiangsu is to continue to promote reforms pertaining to the community joint stock cooperative system, encourage joint development among farmers, and establish a village-level operating mechanism for democratic rights.
Zhu Baoping: Expand the scope of reforms, implement community shareholding and partnerships, ensure that assets are distributed to community members, ensure fixed shareholding benefits to the farmers, and establish a clear ownership over the industry.
By way of Internet+, his right to know, right to participate in decision-making, and right to supervise democratic administration are put into practice. The implementation of these three rights for farmers has indeed made it a standard joint stock cooperative operating mechanism.
Currently, the new collective economy of Sunan Village is primarily comprised of four development models - the asset lease model, the stock enterprise model, the agricultural development model and the united development model.
According to information, these overseas exhibitions have become an important platform for the One Belt, One Road project in Zhejiang Province.
With the successful overseas exhibitions, we gained valuable experiences and sound foundation to further expand the emerging markets in the " One Belt and One Road" strategy and build a comprehensive platform for overseas exhibitions.
Peak has always been guided by the objective of raising the sports requirements of consumers, and constructing a sports industry ecosphere, accelerating its strategy of transforming from a unitary sports equipment manufacturer into a professional sports services enterprise.
Hamill also said that another 34 were injured and in hospital, including three firefighters who sustained minor injuries; they have since been discharged.
Some residents remain missing. He encouraged residents of the burning building to contact with the authorities.
It was reported that Mariana Turay, who had lived in this apartment block for 30 years, said, “It was like a bomb had fallen.”
It was reported that the local fire department took one hour and 45 minutes to put out the fire. Residents in nearby buildings were only allowed to return to their homes a few hours later.
The U.S. Red Cross estimated around 100 homeless including  60-70 stayed in the shelter of the neighboring community center, mostly are Spanish Americans.
On August 11, the inaugural Jinzhou Wetlands Tourism and Cultural Festival opened on the banks of “Hequan Lake” at Jinzhou Dongfang Huadi City.
Since 2014, the revenue generated by the tourism industry made up 10% of the GDP of Jinzhou City. By 2015, this figure has increased to 11.3%.
The wetlands hot spring recreation area at Dongfang Huadi City is located at No. 1, Linghai Section, Binghai Road, Linghai Dayou Economic Area, Jinzhou City, and is only 70 kilometers away from Jinzhou City, 50 kilometers away from Linghai City, and 70 kilometers from Panjin City.
The attraction area is provided with 3,000 square meters of indoor hot springs and 4,600 square meters of outdoor hot springs.
Zhang Binbin, a daughter of Xiamen, had “wonderful hand posture” and experienced multiple “reversals” during her career as a shooter.
Zhang Donghong, a resident at Dongyuan Village at Xiang’an District in Xiamen, just swapped his old 29-inch television for a large 65-inch set several days ago.
This daughter of a common farmer is Zhang Binbin, who just won a silver medal for China in the 50 meter rifle three positions in the Rio Olympics.
During the evening of the 11th, Zhang Donghong, his wife, and dozens of other family members and friends stood before this new television and witnessed how his daughter started a miraculous spree that brought her from the brink of being dropped out of the competition to a medal winning score.
On the day of the competition, Zhang Binbin had a mid to low ranking at one point, and a spot in the final appeared extremely remote.
Parents, family, and friends did not give up, and continued to watch to live stream. When the other athletes completed their firing, Zhang Binbin’s rank kept rising until she secured the right to compete in the finals. Everyone at her home exploded in a great cheer.
In the finals, Zhang Binbin, who again fell behind in the rankings at one point, became increasingly steady as she fired the last few shots. She finished just 0.2 points behind the champion, clinching the silver medal.
Across her 16-year shooting career, Zhang Binbin, who is 27-year old this year, brushed past this hard-won silver medal on several occasions.
The mother, Zhang Xiaolong, told the reporter that when everyone was still hesitant, Zhang Binbin found several “young persuaders” from the same village.
The "little lobbyists” are the kids from the same family participated the training by recommendation at hat time, including the cousin of Zhang Binbin.
Not long after entering the Xiamen team, Zhang Binbin once again actively returned to study at a school in Xiang’an due to family difficulties and other reasons.
Zhang Binbin returned to Xiamen Team after being repeatedly persuaded by her first coach Zhang Yajie.
After joining the provincial team, Zhang Binbin, who took a long time to advance to the national team, returned home at one point because she saw no hope.
This visit included more than just Coach Zhang Yajie. Official leaders and coaches from the Xiamen Shooting Shejian Sports Center and Fujian Provincial Team also came by and successfully persuaded Zhang Binbin to return to the provincial team.
Just like the competition yesterday, this daughter of Xiamen persisted and once again turned the tables in her shooting career.
“Every coach has different way of picking team members. At the time, I noticed that Binbin has really nice hands, and fell in love with them immediately.”
Zhang Donghong also recalled that although his daughter’s performance was not the best at the group training test, the number of rounds she shot was very stable. This was also a key factor why Zhang Binbin attracted the attention of her coach.
During training, the farm girl Zhang Binbin was so committed that she left a lasting impression with Zhang Yajie.
He recollected that more than one year after Zhang Binbin joined the Xiamen shooting team, the team conducted a standing posture rifle firing training. Team members were required to stand still for half an hour.
Zhang Xiaolong told the reporter that her daughter is a quiet and obedient child and has loved drawing and making her own toys since a young age.
“Originally, I stayed at home to tailor some clothes, sewing and mending them as needed. Binbin would sit by the corner, collecting the scrap fabrics to make her own fabric doll.”
She said that her daughter would often sew and make her own toys. Coupled with the fact that she was good at drawing, she was able to create a lifelike face and clothing for the dolls she made.
As an athlete, Zhang Binbin spends little time with family, and could only return home during weekends and public holidays. Usually, they communicate using the telephone.
Her parents said that whether when meeting in person or talking on the phone, Zhang Binbin seldom said she found things difficult. More often than not, she would chat about happy things with parents.
Since they hardly see their daughter, the parents carefully preserved the artwork that their girl has made as a child and the glories that she had later won.
Zhang Xiaolong showed the reporter the cartoon artwork his daughter created. “If she didn’t become a archer, she would probably continue to draw.”
There is a cabinet located at the second floor living room in Zhang Binbin’s home that is filled with the plaques, medals, and certificates that she had won.
Zhang Donghong displayed the medals and awards neatly, and kept all the certificates in a folder. “These are the honors Binbin has received over the years on the basis of her hard work and dedication. All of us cherish them.”
Recently, the Cixiao Foundation of Hebei Province has delivered consolation money of 16,000 RMB to 6 families at the villages of Xiaozuo, Taitou, and Guiquan in Jingjing County who had lost a loved one.
This is yet another consolation and care campaign initiated by the Fund after their previous search for “Lost Youths, Children, and Elderly Victims of the July 19 Flood”.
Heavy rain on July 19 affected multiple areas in Hebei Province, leading to floods to parts of the province with people going missing and dying as a result.
The good man “Old Iron” lost his life when volunteering for a drainage project for his community, leaving behind a 2-year old son and a pregnant wife. The story of good “Old Iron” quickly moved the entire provincial town.
On August 4, work personnel from the Hebei Province Cixiao Fund and volunteers of the Hebei brand association arrived at good “Old Iron’s” home to deliver a charity fund of 3,200 RMB to his surviving family members.
When Ye Li, vice director of the brand association, learned about the conditions faced by the family members of “Old Iron”, she decided to initiate a “Charity Sales” event amongst corporate members in the brand association to help the “Old Iron's” family members make it through the tough times.
The Hebei Province Cixiao Fund, also known by its full name as the Hebei Province Volunteer Service Foundation - Cixiao Fund, was founded in August 2015 by the organizing committee of Hebei Brand Association.
August 12 news report by Oriental Daily, a Hong Kong news company, said that there are 3 major issues of diamond sales in Mainland China. This includes false labeling of diamond purity to drive up prices, false labeling of diamond mass, and lack of post-sales guarantee.
Antwerp is the largest diamond trading center in the world. Diamond cutting skills of local craftsman are famous throughout the world. The diamonds sold through the city have been stringently classified and are extremely popular amongst women in China.
“A small palm-sized cloth bag, light and airy, is worth nearly a million”, a lady surnamed Liu purchasing diamonds on behalf of another was describing her experience at Antwerp in June this year to domestic media.
She said that she hid the diamonds in her underwear. For a few days in a row, she would carry them along with her to the toilet and when she took a shower. She felt extremely nervous even when she was walking or sleeping.
She claimed that diamonds purchased at Antwerp sold for a price of about 55,000 RMB per carat. Diamonds of the same quality could fetch a retail sales price of 111,000 at Xiamen.
She sold all the diamonds she purchased as agent at a 20% premium to the purchase price, and made a huge lump-sum profit of 200,000 yuan.
Inland customs regulations stipulate that diamond are not necessities nor are used by the travelers during their trips, and would therefore be regarded as a merchandise and must be declared when entering or leaving the country. Failure to do so would be considered an act of trafficking which is punishable with a prison sentence for serious offenses.
Overseas media reported that at 10 AM, local time, the British Prime Minister’s residence at Downing Street announced: British Prime Minister Teresa May will be taking her summer vacation at Switzerland. However, no information has been provided on the exact location of her trip.
Some media said that after the UK referendum to leave the European Union, the new British Prime Minister opted to have a vacation in Switzerland that has been regarded as a “neutral state” in continental Europe, and act that may be symbolic in terms of policy.
A comment in The Guardian claimed that the neutral symbolism of Switzerland has played a role in the UK Prime Minister’s choice of her first holiday destination.
A review in the UK’s The Daily Telegraph pointed out that Theresa May chose to holiday in Switzerland. This was the first time a UK Prime Minister holidayed in Switzerland after Mrs Thatcher.
The choice of the two female Prime Ministers contrasts with that of the two male Prime Ministers, Blair and Cameron, who liked to holiday in warmer places.
It was reported that Theresa May, the new Prime Minister of Great Britain, will return to London on August 24. What awaits her next is a series of important tasks and activities.
The British parliament will resume on September 5. Topics for debate include holding a second Brexit referendum as requested online.
In June 23, the British launched a referendum to leave the European Union (EU). However, the new British Prime Minister is unwilling initiate the contents of Article 50 of the Treaty of Lisbon regarding to withdrawal of member states from the EU before the end of the year.
There are 1,325 intangible cultural and heritage assets in Huangshan City, giving the city the largest number and categories of such assets in the entire province.
As the transmission of the intangible cultural heritage of the Hui culture relies primarily on oral and face-to-face tradition, much intangible cultural heritage is on the brink of extinction. Using digital technology to store and protect it is imperative.
According to work arrangements made this year by the Provincial People’s Congress Standing Committee, the Standing Committee shall review the project work reports, enforce the Banking Supervision Law, and review topics related to servicing local economic development.
In mid-August, the Standing Committee will organize two survey teams to carry out investigations in a number of branch cities to prepare for inquiries on this matter.
Hua Jianhui pointed out that the Provincial People’s Congress Standing Committee have listened and reviewed project reports given by a vertical management department and initiated project inquiries. This is the first time that such actions have been taken in this province, making it an active act of exploration to strengthen and expand the monitoring work of the People’s Congress.
Upon receiving a single order given by the chief director located at the military exercise directing department located in Kashgar, Xinjiang, military police stationed in Kashgar, Hotan, and Aksu quickly mobilized and assembled according to deployment commands and headed for the exercise combat zones.
China’s Mars program unveiled
The task of the Mars exploration mission of China is to achieve orbiting, landing, and inspection. Such format has never been carried out before in other countries.
China's Mars exploration launch target is to orbit, land and inspect in one attempt. This was a difficult mission.
The time window for exploring Mars happen only every 26 months. Experts are drawing up a stringent construction plan to launch our country’s first Mars probe when the opportunity arrives in 2020.
According to Xu Dazhe, although our country's space vehicle has been delivered into deep space, completion of a Mars exploration mission is indispensable. Mars exploration will mark the step by which China enters the era of deep space exploration.
“Mars comes closest to Earth only once every two or three years. Launching a Mars probe then would be most energy efficient for a carrier rocket.”
“Taking into consideration the quality of the Mars probe, the launch mission will be completed by our Long March 5 carrier rocket.”
China’s mission to explore Mars aims to orbit, land and inspect in one attempt. This form has never been attempted overseas. A foreign mission had once attempted to orbit and land but the landing failed.
Mars exploration covers a large number of technological fields. Despite being a space exploration device, the unique feature of the device is that it has distinctive characteristics that set it apart from general space exploration probes.
In other words, the Mars exploration vehicle must be given the ability to determine driving routes and detect obstacles and hazards.
Pang Zhihao, researcher at China Academy of Space Technology said that the reason why human beings are so keen to explore Mars is because it has major scientific, technological and various other significance, and is even related to the future of humanity.
Currently, Mars is the best-studied planet by the human race. The use of space probes for Mars exploration almost permeates the entirety of human aerospace history.
Hence, the human race hopes to construct a residential base on Mars in the future, colonize the planet, and make it a second home for the species.
Large volumes of evidence suggest that Mars, in the past, may be like present day earth, and only assumed its current form with thin atmosphere, low temperature, and dwindling water resources after an process of change lasting billions of years.
Therefore, inspecting or sending manned spacecraft to Mars for study will help us find solution to prevent earth become a uninhabitable Mars, the second.
As of June 2016, 114 lunar explorations and 43 Mars explorations had been carried out worldwide.
However, since the 1990s, the human race has launched a total of 18 Mars exploration missions. In comparison, only 14 Lunar exploration missions had been carried out.
At this time, five Mars orbiters and two Mars rovers are in operation, but only one lunar orbiter and one lunar lander are in operation.
Leading countries in the aerospace industry have stipulated exploration projects that target the planet Mars. This demonstrates that in modern times, Mars exploration is more popular than lunar exploration.
On November 5, 2013, India launched its first Mars exploration probe Mangalyaan, and became the first country in Asia to successfully start a Mars exploration mission.
“Mangalyaan” is used to study the surface, atmospheric, and mineral characteristics of Mars to search whether there are methane and signs of life on the planet.
The most challenging part of this mission is that the probe has only one chance for its aerodynamic shape and parachute to decelerate when it enters the Martian atmosphere
According to Sun Zezhou, chief designer of the Mars exploration vehicle at the integrated department of facility 5 of the China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation, the Mars exploration mission faces many technical challenges.
The atmospheric pressure on Mars, at only 1% that on Earth, has significant uncertainties.
Scientists have yet to arrive at a clear understanding about its changes, the properties of the storms, and other functions.
As Mars experiences sand storms familiar with those on the earth, the rover will not receive enough solar energy for operation. Therefore, it has to have a " Sleeping" mode till the end of the storm.
The atmosphere of Mars will also weaken incoming solar radiation, providing yet another challenge to power supply for Mars exploration.
This requires the probe to have larger solar panels that must be constantly adjusted to direct them towards the sun.
In addition, the surface gravity on Mars is only 38% that of Earth, but is a lot larger than that on the Moon. Therefore, a probe with more power is required.
“The most central and hardest part of this Mars exploration mission is the aerodynamic configuration and the parachute deceleration process after the probe enters the atmosphere of Mars. There is only one opportunity, and ensuring its success is critical.”
Sun Zezhou said that as Earth was a long distance away from Mars, it was impossible to control the entire process on a real-time basis. Therefore, a probe is required to complete the mission autonomously.
As there was insufficient propellant to offset such a high speed, when landing on Mars, deceleration would depend on the effect of the Martian atmosphere. The atmosphere on Mars however, is difficult to simulate on Earth.
Pang Zhihao said, “On the whole, the methods used to explore Mars and the Moon are similar. It also involves “orbit, land, inspect, return”, ultimately achieving the goal of bringing people to Mars.
As Mars is further away from Earth than the Moon, exploring Mars requires overcoming a series of more complex technical difficulties.
Taiwan media reported that Taiwan “Legislative Yuan Premier” Lin Chuan announced yesterday morning that the “Rule for Managing Ill-gotten Assets by Political Parties and Their Affiliates” will become effective from today.
Steve Chan, Vice Chairman of the Kuomintang said, “With a history of more than a century, the Kuomintang has social commitment and responsibility, and will not collapse just like that.”
Lin Chuan emphasized that any political party, affiliated organization, or commissioned manager who violates the penalty provisions of the Act, the member of the Committee shall exercise their duties and enforce punishment and penalties in “accordance with the law”.
Lin Chuan also announced that Hung Pai-ken, Taiwan’s “Agency Against Corruption Deputy Director-General”, will be the Vice Chairman candidate for the Ill-gotten Party Assets Settlement Committee.
He said that Koo Li-hsiung is the best pick as the chairperson of the Ill-gotten Party Assets Settlement Committee. Koo shall make use of Hung Pei-ken’s experiences in handling major cases of similar nature and use the experiences as the basis for investigating cases related to ill-gotten party assets.
Steve Chan believed that as long as party assets exist today, no one will give public donations. If party assets were to be completely confiscated, this would be just the right time for the Kuomintang to ask for public support and sponsorship. “Only if we have nothing today will we have the opportunity to ask”.
Chan Chi-hsien emphasized that even if the act on handling ill-gotten party assets is enforced, any remaining Kuomintang asset that has yet to be fully nationalized or confiscated shall be donated according to his promise. Kuomintang assets shall be completely liquidated for the Party to start from square one.
Original title: “Corridor doctor” Lan Yuefeng loses defamation suit against CCTV host Wang Zhi’an
Fawan (legal evening news) reported that Lan Yuefeng has pressed charges against Wang Zhian as well as Beijing Weibo Internet Technology Co., Ltd. for posts published by the China Central Television anchor Wang Zhian on Sina Weibo regarding the “corridor physicians” incident.
Yesterday afternoon, Haidian Court pronounced judgment on this case, and ruled that the conduct of Wang Zhi’an and Microdream Co., Ltd. did not constitute infringement, rejecting all the legal claims of Lan Yuefeng.
In early 2014, CCTV reporter Wang Zhian found during an investigation that Lan Yuefeng, who had been sitting in the hospital corridor for more than 600 days, have been established by the media as a tragic heroine oppressed by the system. However, many such reports contain a great deal of misinformation.
On March 29, 2014, CCTV News investigated the broadcast of the production of the Corridor Doctor program.
Lan Yuefeng has informed the media of various so-called excessive medical treatment but has not provided any evidence to substantiate her claims.
Wang Zhian also posted on a Weibo account that have been verified to his real name that “Lan Yuefeng reached this step partly because of her personality that is characterized by distinctive paranoia.”
Lan Yuefeng demanded Wang Zhian to delete the Weibo posts, apologize to her, and pay a compensation of 100,000 RMB for psychological damage that she has endured.
During the court proceedings, both parties engaged in a hot debate whether Wang Zhian violated Lan Yuefeng’s right to reputation.
Highlights for the 12th: China Team busy at work in athletics - Women's football entering the Top-4 - Cyclists seeking breakthrough
There is a chance to achieve a breakthrough for “zero gold medals” for bicycle events in the Olympics. The women's football team will also challenge the German team, the two-times world champion, and people have hopes that they might make it to the top-4.
Wang Zhen has exhibited outstanding performance for the last 2 seasons, winning a silver medal in the IAAF World Championships in Athletics in Beijing last year and became a personal event champion in the Group IAAF Race Walking Challenge in May this year.
Foreign media reported that 27-year-old archer Chang Hye-jin won the gold medal for the women’s individual archery event after clinching a gold medal in the team event. She is now a double champion.
Zhang Huizhen is regarded as an athlete who achieved her glories late in her career. She was once unable to enter the London Olympics, but finally made it to the prestigious podium for the Rio Olympics.
In the women’s archery singles held at the Rio’s Samba Stadium in Brazil, Zhang Huizhen defeated Lisa Unruh from Germany with a total score of 6-2.
An athlete who attained fame later than most others, she shot her first arrow only when she was in Primary 4, and only received her first individual gold medal at the world cup tournament in 2014 when she was 27 years old.
Chang Hye-jin reminisced: “There was little quality before junior high school, and provided no opportunities in joining national competitions.
Chang Hye-jin has only obtained the 4th place during the qualifiers for the London Olympics, and missed her chance to attend the event. She could only sit by and watch her colleague and friend Ki Bo-Bae winning 2 gold medals.
After the medal ceremony for the women’s individual archery event, Chang Hye-jin expressed her feelings about winning the gold medal, “Up to the very last, I did my best at every arrow I shot. Perhaps this led to good results. I’m very happy.”
The Bronze Medal was won by the 28-year-old Bo-bae, known as No. 1 Archer Lady in South Korea and the gold medal winner of archery in the London Olympic Games.
Ki Bo-Bae lost to Chang Hye-jin in the semi-finals, and was then matched up against the Mexican athlete Alejandra Valencia.
Ki Bo-bae wept after it was confirmed that she had won the bronze medal. One could only imagine the burden of having to win a gold medal that she had to suffer in silence in the interim.
The training team accumulated plenty of experience during continuous research. Scientific training method comes in second. All these can only be acquired through many years of learning.
The archery team employed military training, crossing cemeteries at night and other methods to help team members focus and concentrate as well as to take things in stride.
Although it has yet to be proven, many information sources indicate that Apple will hold its 2016 Fall event in September. iPhone 7 is really on its way.
Although Apple did not respond, news concerning the functions and configuration of the iPhone are being released gradually. Pictures of the “actual phone model” have even appeared on the Internet.
The new iPhone could be considered a “public phenomenon”. It’s popular, sleek, and could not be acquired even if you have the money to pay for it. If you want to buy an original product, you must opt for a proper sales channel such as Suning.
This heightened the people’s sense of disappointment for the new cellphone. “It became longer, but couldn’t project holographs! This iPhone release sucks.”
Like other iPhones, numerous anecdotes and secret information accompanied the iPhone 7 before its debut.
Elsewhere, many sources of information also claimed that the 3.5mm headphone jack will be removed from the new iPhone to be replaced by bluetooth connection and the charging interface. This will give Apple room for adding a second speaker.
Another piece of corroborative evidence is that as far back as 2014, Apple had already allowed headphone manufacturers to connect headphone products through the charging interface.
The answer to such news, whether true or false, will only be revealed by Apple at the 2016 Fall launch event.
This did not stop industry insiders from taking a positive view of the prospects of iPhone 7 however. Many believed that iPhone 7 could very well be the last time Apple would significantly upgrade the iPhone series.
However, data recently published by IDC, a market intelligence firm, showed the market share of iPhone has decreased slightly.
Goldman Sachs has rated Apple shares as something that can be “bought”. BMO analysts believe that iPhone7 will establish a historical record in sales performance.
Broadcom CEO Hock Tan also expressed that Apple is expected to achieve more than 20% growth in revenue. This figure can be completely attributed to the release of iPhone7.
7% of those interviewed said they intend to buy iPhone 7 compared to a mere 4% who planned to buy iPhone 6 two years ago.
From information available, 20% of users currently holding an iPhone6 or 6Plus have plans for purchasing iPhone7. This proportion is quite substantial.
Next, experts analyzed that most Apple fans like to replace their iPhone every other generation.
Statistics revealed that among iPhone users, approximately 26% of users have not changed their mobile phones in two years, i.e., the iPhones of about 120 million users have been used for two years.
Some media reported that Taiwan has been hit by several earthquakes during the iPhone7 production period. “Damages sustained by TSMC production facilities may have went beyond expectations, and that could have influenced initial supply for iPhone7.”
Supply and demand conflicts will influence normal users. It is time to select a proper channel and acquire an authentic iPhone7 early at a low price.
Insider disclosure revealed that the upper management of Suning and Apple has met frequently in recent times for the purpose of preparing enough resources.
Service operators have reached an agreement with Suning. It can be expected that with growing partnership between the two, users will be provided with lower prices and more dedicated services.
" The lowest price. The customers might' only RMB 7 a day to get a iPhone7".
Sufficient supply of goods and a variety of discounts, buyers of iPhone 7 will not be so stressed out, and Suning’s logistics department will all the more turn this happiness into a more intuitive experience.
Perhaps you will receive a phone call at midnight. “Hello, this is Suning.com. Your iPhone 7 has arrived.”
The sponsors hoped that the exhibition of antiquities would allow the locals to better understand Chinese culture which has a long history, thereby increasing mutual understanding and friendship between the citizens of the two countries.
Barcelona’s “Ming Dynasty Artifact Exhibit” is part of a European tour that will last till early October.
Hua Xia Bank and Shanghai Pudong Development Bank published their semi-annual report for 2016 yesterday. For the second quarter, China Securities Finance Corporation has again acquired additional shares of these banks.
In particular, China Securities Finance Corporation (CSF) increased its stake in Hua Xia Bank by 29,293,100 shares. As at end-June, CSF’s equity stake in Hua Xia Bank rose to 387 million shares; its shareholding increased from 3.35% to 3.62% accordingly.
Also, according to estimates of China Merchants Securities, after removing increase in shares, China Securities Finance Corporation has acquired 38 million shares of Shanghai Pudong Development Bank (SPD Bank) in the second quarter, increasing the total number of shares held of SPD Bank to 600 million shares, a figure equivalent to 2.77% shareholding percentage of SPD Bank.
A lotus garden at Shizibang in Zhengfu Village, Tongxiang City, Zhejiang Province was officially opened to local residents and tourists recently.
This park is comprised of more than 100 little round ponds with approximately 300 varieties of lotuses and water lilies.
The rural lotus industry incorporates ornamental, recreational and economic benefits, and has become a highlight for new rural development.
Foreign media reported that the Rio Olympics’ “green pool” incident has attracted much attention recently because of the change in the color of the water in the diving pool from blue to green.
However, on the morning of the 10th, the water in the water polo pool next to the diving pool also turned green.
An Australian water polo player said that he experienced stinging pain in his eyes after the competition and felt teary.
Officials of the Rio Olympics confirmed the pool water turning green, and expressed that the color change was a result of reduced alkalinity of the water and will not affect the physical health of the athletes.
However, athletes from the Australian team expressed that they felt stinging pain in their eyes after beating the Japanese team in the water polo pool.
At first, after the water in the diving pool turned green, the tournament organizer worked over time to address the issue of the diving pool on the night of the 9th, but on the morning of the 10th, the color of the water polo pool also turned green rapidly.
During the competition between the Australian and Japanese teams, conditions and environment of the water polo pool continued to worsen. However, officials emphasized that they will restore the two swimming pools to their original quality and color on the 11th.
Mario Andrada, the spokesman of Rio Olympic Games said:" the alkaline level of the diving pool decreased from yesterday afternoon."
“We learned about a number of factors that may cause the water to change in terms of color as well as water quality and alkalinity.”
The water sports center performed a series of tests on water quality. Several hundred divers and swimmers who used the pool can also testify that the water quality has reached the required standards.”
“We have been operating according to normal procedures these days, but we may have neglected the impact that more athletes may have on the quality of water.”
“Although the color of the water has changed, it will definitely not affect one’s health, especially as regards athletes.”
“This independent team verified our assessments and acknowledged the measures that we took to restore the swimming pool to its original color and normal chemical state.”
“We had hoped that the pool would return to its normal color in the morning, but rain had affected the pace of restoration.”
According to CNA News of Taiwan, an explosion occurred in a prison located in a suburban area in Greater Manila. The explosion wounded the warden and killed 10 prisoners, including 2 individuals of Chinese descent.
ABS-CBN television station reported that the incident occurred last night at around 9pm at Paranaque City Jail, but the police only gave a preliminary explanation at 2am today.
The police said that the 10 prisoners have asked to meet the warden regarding their applications for transfer. However, both parties failed to reach a consensus and a prisoner threw a grenade, leading to the explosion.
Prison authorities have yet to announce the names of the prisoners who died, but GMA News TV reported that two were ethnic Chinese.
As of 8am, the prison authorities have yet to issue a detailed explanation, including how the prisoners obtained the hand grenades.
Yesterday, police force from central Philippines entered the Leyte district prison, shooting and killing a prison-mate who “attempted to assault an officer”.
Urumqi standardizes FIT market order; travel agencies must sign contract with tourists
The peak season for travel in Xinjiang has arrived. For the purpose of standardizing the operating order of the FIT (Free Independent Traveler) market, the Urumqi tourism enforcement detachment joined forces with the City Transportation Authority enforcement detachment yesterday to investigate issues that exist in the FIT market such as non-compliant use of vehicles for travel, and the low rate of signed contracts between travel agencies and tourists.
At 8 AM in the morning of the previous day, about 10 large buses filled with tourists are parked around the Kempinski Hotel. Most of these buses are carrying visitors heading to the one-day tour to Tianchi Lake.
“Hello, I am from the Urumqi Travel Bureau. Have you signed a contract with this travel agency?”
Yu Bin, a staff member of the enforcement section of the Urumqi Road Transportation Administration said: “Tour vehicles from outside the region or route buses are not qualified to participate in developing tourism transportation projects in the Urumqi market.”
“The penalty for operating beyond scope is a fine of RMB30,000-100,000. Drivers without a practitioner’s certificate is a fine of RMB2,000.
From our understanding, the Urumqi tourism law enforcement department is currently carrying out inspections to Xigongyuan, Hongshan, and other destinations frequented by independent tourists.
After reviewing conclusions of the two inspections, Ma Qi, vice captain of the Urumqi tourism law enforcement detachment, said: “Safety is the priority, followed by legal compliance. These are extremely important for tourism vehicles, because once an accident happens, many would be injured or killed.”
“We are working with the Road Transportation Administration Bureau to continuously monitor the market and regulate tourism vehicle usage, to ensure tourist safety.”
On the morning of August 12, the State Council Information Office held a press conference on the operating conditions of the nation’s economy in July 2016.
Sheng Laiyun, National Bureau of Statistics Spokesman and Deputy Director-General of the Department of Comprehensive Statistics said that a number of national economic indicators grew at a slower rate in July but were still operating within a reasonable range.
Figures from the National Bureau of Statistics revealed that fixed asset investment growth, total imports and other data declined again in July.
Sheng Laiyun said, “As far as the operating condition of the national economy in July is concerned, I would like to borrow a phrase from the Premier, and that is ‘fluctuations exist but the trend remains positive’. This can better encapsulate the characteristics of the economy in July.”
He explained that “fluctuations exist in the trend” refers to the fact that the growth rates of some of the July economic indicators have indeed declined.
The pressure on exporting sector is still huge due to the  drastic adjustment of domestic and international economy in July, profound change of international situation and the  world economic recovery failed the expectation.
Domestically, the entire economy is still going through adjustments, and some adverse reactions to this adjustment have surfaced. Some indicators may fluctuate as the economy faces significant downward pressure.
Sheng Laiyun pointed out the occurrence of extraordinary events in July: floods were worse than usual, and the hot weather and high temperatures affected production and the operations of some regions.
Latest information released by the Ministry of Civil Affairs showed that the disaster has affected over 60 million people and led to a direct economic loss of over 200 billion RMB.
These regions have been affected to varying degrees based on relevant industrial, investment and transportation indicators.
The growth in inventory turnover volume in July dropped 3.6% compared to last month. The flooding disaster has imposed a certain degree of influence to traffic in these areas.
These factors show that volatility in some of the indicators in July is normal and within expectations.
He said that the “trend is still positive” meant that although economic growth has decelerated, the economy was running steadily on the whole. The general trend of improvement amid stability and growing positively amid stability remained unchanged.
CPI rose by 1.8% in July, and grew by 0.2% when compared to the previous period. CPI from January to July rose by 2.1%. These figures indicate that trends for commodity prices have, in general, remained steady.
Statistics on high temperature days of various districts provided on portal website of the Chongqing City Meteorological Administration said that with the exception of Youyang County, every area in the city could receive varying amounts of high temperature subsidies.
Currently, at least 28 provinces in the country have clarified their subsidy disbursement criteria, but the disbursement criteria differs among provinces. In Chongqing, high-temperature subsidy is received based on subsidy for high-temperature working days.
At temperatures equal or more than 35℃ and less than 37℃, each person shall be given a fee of not less than RMB10 per day. At temperatures higher than 37℃, each person shall be given a fee of not less than RMB15 per day.
Workers working at above a temperature of 40℃ can receive a monthly subsidy of up to 20 RMB per day (this does not apply to a worker who is already provided with a high temperature operation subsidy according to law).
According to this criteria, Kaizhou, which experienced the most number of high-temperature days last month would receive RMB330, while Chengkou which experienced the least number of days would received RMB80. As the highest temperature in Youyang did not exceed the high temperature benchmark, it did not receive any high-temperature subsidy.
In the past, many companies often use cooling and refreshing beverages to offset the high temperature subsidy. The city administration of work safety, however, expressed that this act is not compliant to the current laws.
Employers may not deduct or reduce the salary of laborers if work has to be suspended or work time reduced due to high temperatures.
The municipal human resources and social security bureau said that workers who worked under high temperatures without receiving high temperature allowance may fight for their legal rights by way of the labor dispute mediation mechanism, or call 12333 to file a complaint.
In case employer refuse to pay high-temperature allowance, employee is entitled to complain to the local administrative authority of HR and social security at the county level.
Also, since the high temperature subsidy is considered part of the salary and not a benefit, it is included in total salary and subject to the personal income tax.
High temperature subsidies are not included considered part of the minimum wage and must be issued in the form of cash. They cannot be replaced in the form of beverages or other tangible items.
The new Urumqi Railway Station, with gross floor area of approximately 100,000 square meters, is located at Gaotiepian District, Urumqi.
The first and second floor is the entrance, departing hall, office and retail area, while the basement is arriving area.
Currently, Urumqi Station is Xinjiang’s largest integrated logistics hub, combining high speed rail, trains, buses, and rental vehicles, allowing seamless interconnection between various types of transport.
There are a total of three ticket offices located at the northern and southern sides of the platform level as well as the northern side of the exit level, with 39 manual ticket sales windows and 34 automated ticket machines.
In terms of ticketing, there are a total of 30 aisles on the eastern and western sides of the waiting area. Based on the gate number on the ticket, passengers can get their tickets checked quickly and wait for their trains.
If help is required, look for the nearest station and press a button from a selection of configured 41 call buttons to acquire prompt services.
With effect from July 1, the passenger trains at the old station, i.e., Urumqi South Railway Station, will begin to service Urumqi Railway Station in phases.
In another word, all the express trains(D train) and 30 other trains outbound from Xinjiang can stop in Urumchi.
Currently, ride tickets can be purchased at two stations. The trip between the stations will take about 10 minutes. Travelers need to pay attention to the names of the starting station and destination station printed on the ticket.
The official commencement of operations of the new Urumqi passenger railway station will become an important platform for Xinjiang in terms of building a national integrated transportation city, advancing the “Silk Road economic belt” and the development of new zones.
Gracia is a cute female toucan with the scent of the jungle about her.
In the Central American country of Costa Rica, the toucan Gracia and its story are extremely well-known.
The August 10 press conference finally revealed Gracia after recovering from the operation, displaying its brand new 3D-printed plastic beak.
This toucan whose upper beak was broken by someone, and which was on the brink of death, has now finally received a new lease of life.
This is the day that the bird has reached 100% recovery and the day when it could be moved to a luxurious bird house and meet its human friends who have been caring for it.
Gracia appears to be rather shy after moving to her new home, but quickly revealed her lively side, playing in the pool of water and using her new beak to eat grapes.
To remind people of the abuse it once suffered, the technicians did not color its new beak, but kept it white, the original color of the 3D printing material.
The external layer of the beak is a thin keratin sheath. The beak is hollow and only reinforced by thin, criss-crossing supporting struts of bone.
Although reinforced internally, the toucan’s beak is still fragile, and will crack when it is harmed.
The animal aid center, an ornithologist, and a 3D printing company from the United States are working together, making several “experimental beaks” for Gracia before creating the “perfect beak” that best suits the bird.
Now Gracia has become proficient in using her beak to drink, eat, and even pick up fine seed grains.
“The design of the final product took about two months; printing took just four to five hours.”
"3D printing is not for next generation. It has become part of our life." Thomas Lange, President of SG3D told the  Xinhua News Agency.
On January 2015, Gracia the toucan was found, bleeding from its mouth, by a person in a farm at Gracia, Alajuela Province in central Costa Rica.
At the time, its upper beak was cruelly broken by a group of youths. It could not eat and was dying.
Once reported in mass media, Gracia’s sad state initiated a wave of outcry against animal abuse in and outside Costa Rica.
The public requested more rigorous animal protection laws to be established, and punishment for abusers to be stepped out.
People came forward voluntarily, and did the best they could to help Grecia regain its life prior to the injury.
Even Chuck Hull, the inventor of 3D printing technology, also contributed towards the design of Gracia’s upper beak.
“Gracia’s condition is quite unique. Less than 1 cm of its upper beak has remained, making it difficult to install a new beak.”
“We first scanned Gracia and then designed and manufactured an extended prosthetic that is slightly longer than its remaining upper beak. The prosthetic is then glued to its upper beak.”
“This will help reduce further invasive injury on Grecia,” Lange told a XInhua international news reporter.
Prior to installing the prosthetics, workers cleaned the broken beak for Gracia everyday to prevent infections.
Thousands of miles away, the story of Gracia the toucan has moved renowned documentary filmmaker Paula Heredia and investigative journalist John Hoffman.
Toucan Nation is a documentary that recorded in detail the process of fitting a new beak for Grecia, which was broadcast on Animal Planet this month.
The documentary Toucan Nation showed how a small toucan bird could change a country and encourage every citizen to participate in the movement against animal abuse.
Key reminder: Japan’s oil enterprises are wary of the rise of small independent oil refineries in China referred to as “teapots”.
An August 12 report by cankaoxiaoxi.com revealed that Japan’s biggest oil enterprise JX Energy believed that, “Rising Chinese exports is one of the reasons for the sluggish market conditions.”
Japanese oil companies are particularly wary of the rise of small independent oil refineries in China referred to as “teapots”.
As the Chinese government has stepped up environmental protection laws, the quality of petroleum products of China is now approaching those of Japan.
Before gaining crude oil import permits, “teapot refineries” typically import crude oil from Russia and other places with higher sulfur content for refining.
The petroleum products produced have higher sulfur content, and are of poor quality. They are a contributing factor to environmental pollution.
Upon receiving crude oil import permits, “teapot refineries” are allowed to import crude oil with lower sulfur content from Oman and Russia. The quality of their petroleum products has also improved.
TonenGeneral Group expressed that: “As quality standards for petroleum products from China continue to increase, improvements were also observed for the capacities of its oil refining facilities.
As a result, the quality of petroleum products exported from China is gradually reaching parity with those from Japan.”
JX said that  since " China started exporting high-quality light oil to Australia from the end of 2015", the nation has become a competitor of Japan in the Asian market.
Although “high quality oil from Japan” is facing a crisis, the response strategy adopted by Japanese oil companies is limited to “focusing on market situations and exporting to areas where a profit may be made”.
As the petroleum products exported by China has an enormous impact on Asian market conditions, the focus on teapot refineries have also increased.
The 2016 Yangtse Evening Post Liqun Sunshine Scholarship Program was activated on May 26. After 2 months of registration, more than 800 needy students have applied for the scholarship.
During the school financial aid process, donations from the public have exceeded RMB1.2 million (five separate announcements have been made) which will help 240 poor students achieve their dream of studying in a university.
Donations are still ongoing. We encourage the general public to extend their hand in support so that more children from families in need could receive aid and social care.
To ensure that student aid is fair, open and transparent, we will publicly disclose basic information of students in batches in our newspaper from today onward. Information on the first to the 100th student is disclosed publicly today to be inspected and supervised by readers.
The Liqun Sunshine Scholarship Program is a famous charity brand in China. The Yangtse Evening Post Liqun Sunshine Scholarship Program was initiated in 2003 at Jiangsu and helped a total of 4,000 students from needy backgrounds.
The scope of this activity’s subsidy is to enroll new students for the college entrance exam, and excludes tuition-free specialization. Candidates should have good moral character and academic results, and come from poor families.
The New Zealand statistics department expressed that the only time when the population of New Zealand experienced a birth rate exceeding 2% was during 1974 and during the “baby boomer” period from 1950s to early 1960s.
As of June this year, New Zealand’s net inflow of migrants totaled 69,100 persons over a 12-month period, and has become a major driver of population growth for the nation in recent years.
During the same period, the population of New Zealand experienced a natural growth of 28,200 individuals.
Figures indicate that in the last decade, New Zealand’s average annual net migration flow was 21,800 persons, and the average annual organic population growth was 32,300 persons.
In terms of demographics, an influx of immigrants suggests that the proportion of “working-age population”, those between 15 and 39 years old, is expanding gradually.
For a period of 12 months up till June 2016, the working age population of New Zealand grew by 3.6% to reach a total of 1.58 million people.
At the same time, the population of senior citizens 65 years and older grew similarly by 3.6% to 700,000 people.
At about 10am yesterday, the X9003 international freight train heading to Almaty, Kazakhstan departed from Xinzhu train station in Xi’an.
Xi’an Railway Station marks the successful breakthrough of operating 10,000 trains with the departure of this train service since it began operating the China-Central Asia international freight service in 2013.
It was reported that the cargo transported on this freight train included a total of 206 product varieties in six major categories, namely, industrial raw materials, machinery and equipment, industrial parts and components, building materials, food, and light industry products.
As of August 11 this year, a total of 221 trips, 10,009 train cars, and 338,000 tons of goods have departed from the newly constructed train station, of which 84 train cars have left in 2016 for a 84% growth compared to the same period last year.
According to information, the goods carried by the first Central Asian trip are entirely “made in Shaanxi”. Today, it has attracted a large volume of commodities from other areas and eagerly waits to be loaded onto the trains.
As at end-July, the Central Asia freight train container  throughput exceeded 64,000 TEUs, up 8% from the same period in 2015.
As trips to Central Asia become increasingly frequent, shipment volumes of the new train station constructed by the Xi'an Railway Bureau also continued to grow by the year.
In 2015, the annual throughput of the newly constructed station totaled 2,477,000 tonnes. As of August 10, 2016, freight shipments have already reached 1,531,000 tonnes, up 6.7% year-on-year.
To meet the requirements for future development, the Xi'an Railway Bureau has released plans for constructing the Xi’an Xinzhu Rail Integrated Logistics Center with Xinzhu Railway Station as its center. The Bureau will focus its energy on building a modern Xinzhu Rail Integrated Logistics Park.
A middle-aged man from India, having survived a terrifying episode when the flight he took was forced to belly land at Dubai International Airport, won a 1 million USD lottery prize this week at the same airport.
Muhammad Basheer Abdul Khadar, an Indian national and long-time resident in Dubai, UAE, expressed that he has a habit of buying a lottery ticket every time he goes home.
His 21-year old son was paralyzed after an accidental fall on the thirteenth day after he was born. He has been hard at work trying to payback medical expense loans for his son.
“Escaping from the air crash was God giving me a new lease on life. He then gave me this sum of money so that I can perform charitable acts,” said Haider.
Although autumn has arrived, the bite of the “autumn tiger” has proved to be no less powerful than that of the summer.
UV not only darkens the skin, it will also cause sunburns. Is there any solution to help the skin make it through military training and avoid sunburns altogether?
The external packaging of sunblock cream is often labeled with SPF and PA. SPF refers to the sun protection factor and specifically targets UVB radiation. Common SPF scores include 15, 30, and 50.
Products with the PA label are aimed at UVA. Such sunblocks are more effective. Generally, the strength of PA is indicated by the + sign. Each additional + represents a longer duration of effective protection.
For oily skin, choose aqueous sunblock with good penetrability. Sunblock sprays are good options as well.
For dry skin, use cream-based anti-sunburn products. Those with neutral skin are not subject to stringent regulations. However, sensitive skin will find application of any product to be a hard burden. Purely physical sunblock products are recommended.
Remember to apply the sunblock cream half an hour earlier as the anti-sunburn product needs some time before completely penetrating the skin.
Military training includes extended exposure to solar radiation. Anti-sunburn cream must be applied once every 2 hours to sustain the effects. Don’t get lazy about this.
Since the skin has just been sensitized by exposure to the sun, do not use whitening products immediately after military training.
For sunburns endured during military training, ice wrapped in towels can be used to cool scorched skin and alleviate local senses of over-heating.
The policy of cumulative subsidies will continue to be implemented for farmers who purchased agricultural equipment during the expo. Farmers who purchased agricultural equipment may receive a maximum of 40% in subsidies.
This exhibit shall invite businesses and exhibitors from around the world, and specifically enhanced the attractiveness of the invitation to nations along the One Belt, One Road project as well as its target market countries.
The exhibit for this year will strive to sign agreements for 60 projects, introduce 22.0 billion RMB of investments, and sign at least 160 trade contracts for a contractual sum of 3.2 billion RMB.
From what we know, the reason the Hunan Expo has been held at the city of Loudi in Hunan for seven consecutive years was related to its strong manufacturing base, and its long history in industrial development.
As the main hosting venue for the Hunan Expo, Loudi has established trade relations with over 90 countries from around the world.
The “Hunan Expo” has become an important platform for the Province in terms of nurturing the development of specialty industries, and propelling specialty industries to go abroad.
The ionosphere is filled with free electrons on some nights, which implies that radio signals can travel further.
According to a August 11 online report published by Popular Science, an American monthly journal, the US Air Force is interested in duplicating this effect.
Although an ionosphere and its vast reserve of free electrons can help people receive the radio broadcast from a certain university base station, this was probably not the interest of the US Air Force.
An ionosphere filled with electrons will provide military radios with a larger range of delivery and offer a certain degree of protection against the influence of solar storms for global positioning system (GPS) signals.
The final objective is to create a series of three-dimensional satellites as required. These would be able to enhance the ionosphere when required.
But first, the teams that have signed a contract with the Air Force must prove that the relevant scientific principles actually work.
Industry figures revealed that in 2015, coal production capacity totaled approximately 6 billion tonnes, with excess capacity of 1.8 billion tonnes nationwide.
For nearly 10 years, the State Council of the People's Republic of China have announced 5 notices for eliminating redundant and obsolete production capacities.
Although the coal industry was not the target in the first four times, the targeted industries were directly related to coal industry production.
From November last year to January this year, the Qinhuangdao 5,500 kcal steam coal has been fluctuating around a price of 370 Yuan/ton, and 90% of coal industries are experiencing losses.
Since February, coal prices have started to rebound. The price of steam coal at Qinhuangdao has risen for 4 consecutive weeks, reaching a peak during the last 16 months at a price of 436 Yuan per ton, a figure that almost rose by 70 Yuan compared to the start of the year.
As prices rebound, concerns have arisen: Will some of the small coal mines resume production?
Kuang Xianming, director of the China Institute for Reform and Development (Hainan), analyzed and interpreted this.
Kuang Xianming: Elimination of excess capacity caught everyone’s attention. The report card on the elimination of excess capacity in the coal industry announced today has indeed caused greater concern.
These three superficial factors still reflect the lag in the change in our growth model, i.e., the government driven growth model has yet to experience a fundamental change to date.
Second, it is directly related to the advance effort exerted by the local government. Cutting industrial overcapacity requires proper supportive measures which are varied in different places.
Third, if some of the provinces which are currently progressing at a slower rate expect to catch up in the second half, they would face bigger risks.
Under such straits, reliance on rewards and compensations from the central government to further increase production capacity will generate a certain degree of negative impact.
First, removing production capacity is not simply controlling total volume.
Our aim is to get rid of obsolete production capacity, achieve structural optimization, and re-organize the coal industry into a new business form.
The local government, during the deployment of overcapacity cutting, shall combine the effort with the transformation of coal industry to drive the development of related service sector.
Secondly, to complete the task of reducing production capacities this year, we must ensure thorough enforcement of our administrative supervision and administrative monitoring capacities.
Finally, we must strengthen miscellaneous provisions and functions of social programs.
As the market is directly related to employment issues, we must strengthen employable skill training for the employees and vocational workers.
“The fall in ranking was because foreign investors have downgraded Brazil’s medium- to long-term GDP growth forecast.”
In 2015, Brazil’s participation rate in global fixed investment was 3.7%, lower than the 5.7% in 2014.
Credit Suisse’s international investment attractiveness index includes four sub-indices: infrastructure, economic outlook, business environment and volume of direct investment.
In 2015, Brazil’s foreign direct investment amounted to US$64.6 billion, lower than the US$73.1 billion in 2014.
Last year, Brazil’s “Green Field Investment” (scale of investment in overseas facilities) amounted to 17.9 billion USD, which was a 2.1% reduction compared to the same period last year.
“There is a total of 288 “Green Field Investment” projects in Brazil. From 2003 to 2014, the annual average was 314 such projects.”
However, in the first half of 2016, foreign direct investments in Brazil reached 33.8 billion USD, an increase of nearly 10% compared to the same period last year.
Original title: Canadian police shoots and skills IS supporter at final stage of creating home-made explosives for attacking the city area
Taxi companies expressed that this taxi was assigned to Driver’s home before the police has arrived.
Canadian police expressed at the press conference on Wednesday that it had received information, including a "martyrdom video” provided by the Federal Bureau of Investigation that this youth was about to launch an attack.
According to Deutsche Welle, a man wearing a black balaclava in the video cited the Quran, mentioned the crimes committed against Muslims, and swore to initiate an attack against a Canadian city.
He expressed in a video that the ambush will initiate in 72 hours during peak traffic.
This is the first time that the police has killed a suspected terrorist before the terrorist attack after the Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau assumed his office last year.
The upgraded and reconstructed tributary navigation channels of the Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal, namely Laowanfu River and Beidaliu navigation channels, have started to collect a toll on September 1.
The two branch navigation routes will be constructed by means of social financing. The funds have been approved by relevant departments of the provincial government.
The navigation channel of Laowanfu River has a total length of 32.5 km, flowing through Jinxiang and Yutai before entering, via Nanyang Lake, the Grand Canal (Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal).
Based on navigational requirements, the Laowanfu River channel has adopted a method of maintenance and reconstruction, having partially dredged the riverbed to increase its depth, and partially straightening sharp bends in the river, among others. Conditions of the shipping channel have improved.
This navigation channel has a total length of 19 km, flowing through Jinxiang County, Rencheng District, and entering, via Nanyang Lake, the Grand Canal.
Constructions to renovate the two navigational channels began in February 2011, and were completed in January 2015 for inspections. The Jining City Anping Canal Logistic Service Center is the primary investor and operator of the channels.
According to the " Build by loan, Charge to repay" principle, Anping Canal Logistic Service Center will charge the passage toll according to the rated approved by Shandong Price Bureau.
Of which, a basic transportation fee is charged at 1.75 RMB/ton carried. Mileage transportation fee is charged at 0.05 RMB/km for each ton carried.
Toll collection hours will begin on June 15, 2016 and end on June 14, 2019.
From the Jining Maritime and Port Bureau, the reporter learned that there are 4 paid navigation channels within Jining, namely Zhushui River, Baima River, Beidaliu, and Laowanfu River navigation channels.
The four shipping lanes are tributary channels of the Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal, and were upgraded and reconstructed by way of public financing.
The project for upgrading and reconstructing the Zhushui River navigation channel is a first time attempt to use a “government + market” model. The project is an infrastructure undertaking for river ports in Shandong Province, with the government being the main investor while social investments make up for the gap in funding required.
Baima River, Laowanfu River, Beidaliu River and other tributary navigational channels have adopted a pure market-based operating approach.
The funds provided by the national budget could not satisfy construction costs, limiting the progress for navigation route upgrades.
Social capital used for constructing public infrastructure is compliant to national policy requirements, and has become a means to resolve the capital bottleneck.
Ning Zetao’s performance during the 100-meter freestyle semi-finals has left many Chinese viewers speechless.
Again, Ning Zetao dropped the jaw of everyone during the 50m freestyle in the heats.
In fact, the 50-meter freestyle was not Ning Zetao's dominant event. His performance and best result at the Kazan FINA World Championships have also meant that the possibility of getting a breakthrough in this event is quite small.
As expected, Takungpao, a renowned Hong Kong news company, disclosed that the biggest reason behind Ning Zetao’s defeat was that he had already lost interest in swimming.
Many external factors could play a significant role in his thoughts about the future. At this time, he is probably more interested in the entertainment business.
After the Kazan FINA World Championships, Ning Zetao became an instant Internet celebrity because of his good looks and good performance.
He was therefore tagged with the labels of “public husband”, “young hunk”, “flowery boy”, and other similar monikers.
Various commercial opportunities have arrived, providing great economic prospects for building a bustling boulevard.
Under these circumstances, even if Ning Zetao chooses to retire and join the entertainment business, not only is this his own choice, it is also a feasible option.
He is just 23 after all. With a bit of training, he will definitely be able to act in a couple of TV dramas based on his popularity.
Ning Zetao must make sure that he is qualified enough to be considered an equal to his predecessors.
For the 2000 Sydney Olympics, Liu Xuan, who was 21 years old by that time, has arrived at the end of her athletic carrier.
Liu Xuan’s attractive appearance quickly made a impression with the people, and also served as the basis for her entry in the entertainment industry.
After retiring, Liu Xuan appeared in many television drama series and even established her own studio in 2013.
Tian Liang participated in the men’s single and synchronized 10 meter platform competition, winning 2 gold and 2 silver medals.
After losing to Hu Jia, a fellow team mate, for the single 10 meter platform in the 2004 Olympics, Tian Liang’s athletic competitiveness deteriorated, and it was heard that he was expelled from the diving team.
He and his daughter participated in variety shows such as “Where Are We Going, Dad?” which provided with him with a great deal of celebrity attention.
Yang Wei, Li Xiaopeng and Chen Yibing, once part of the golden era of gymnastics, have taken to various variety shows in a high profile manner.
It is worth mentioning that Yang Wei and Li Xiaopeng led China to the 2008 Olympic men’s team championship. Yang Wei even won the individual all-around gold twice, and was named All-around King.
Chen Yibing, who led the Chinese gymnastics team to an Olympic gold in 2012 also became known as the king of rings.
After a controversial officiating decision at the London Olympics cost him a gold medal, Chen Yibing’s magnanimity won him legions of fans.
However, the main focus of these athletes remains firmly on the competition at this time. Appearances at variety programs are just superficial.
Both former or current athletes must at least provide impressive performance in their field to gain the attention of the entertainment industry.
After all, athletes enter a new field, and everything is blank, be it skill or connection.
For “older athletes” such as Tian Liang and Liu Xuan who frequent the celebrity circles, the general public largely remember them for their performance in the Olympics.
When Yang Wei, Li Xiaopeng and other newcomers are introduced at variety programs, “Olympic champion” is mentioned without exception.
When compared to the other athletes mentioned, Ning Zetao’s champion in the FINA World Championships seems somewhat less impressive in comparison.
When compared to Tian Liang, Liu Xuan, and Yang Wei who were able to retire after attaining glorious moments in history, if Ning Zetao were to retreat at the age of 23 after meeting a minor setback, the negative impact to his image would be quite significant.
When talking about athletes, the public requirement is that “constant victory is not necessary, but they should not fear difficulties”. Ning Zetao is found quite wanting in terms of this.
On the other hand, given his dashing looks, Ning Zetao could rely on his handsome features and win support from tens of thousands of superficial fans.
Lack of skill, and relying on appearance alone - if you want to make it big in the entertainment business, this should not be more difficult than getting proper training and rediscovering the form you ought to have.
Ultimately, personal journey is based upon personal will. Ning Zetao should be aware how this choice is made.
On the surface, social networking platforms have widened the social circle and reduced loneliness.
The scope of influence of online social networking has become increasingly widespread. Not only has it gradually replaced traditional phone communication, it has even permeated actual offline living circles, quietly changing the social activities of the masses.
The benefit of online social networking is obvious. It is easy and convenient, and is therefore much preferred by younger demographics.
A survey investigating college student socializing habits found that 57% of college students spend more than 5 hours a day on cellphones, literally making cellphones “inseparable” during everyday lives.
“The characteristics of social networks include being low-cost, having fast transmission rates, and allowing many people to interact simultaneously. This suits the needs of contemporary university students.
Expanded relationship circles, being able to chat on equal footing, and avoidance of social stigma are the main reasons why we become increasingly fond of online chat.
The newcomers enjoy online communication with other employees, " because we are not familiar with each other at the beginning. But the 'like' and comment in the social media will close the distance."
People who enjoy making friends also used online networking. “I haven’t been contacting a friend for a while due to some misunderstanding. We then shared a few words in a larger group and things got better from there.”
IT engineer Wu Yan is strong fan for social networking, and spends most of his socializing time and life online, with many more online contacts than friends he meet offline.
Wu Yan himself honestly said that he feels like “fish returned to the water” when he goes online.
“You may reply to a friend when you are willing at a time that is convenient for you to do so because there is plenty of time for you to deliberate the wordings, and you can also express yourself more clearly.”
“The ID provides one with a cover to avoid all face-to-face interpersonal conflicts, providing one with more room to maneuver and also provided both sides with more time and space to think about what they say.”
“People of different status are given the same rights to speech and the same voice. Various social taboos in real life seem to disappear in the online world.”
Xiaopeng, a friend of Wu Yan, felt that the real life Wu Yan is a “boring geek”.
Xiaopeng and Wu Yan met in a big group. As they were both active speakers, they became acquainted very quickly.
Xiaopeng felt that Wu Yan was completely different from his online personality. The real Wu Yan used little words and never gave any opinions. The only phrases he would use were: “Ho ho. Alright. Really?” or “I’ll check that online.”
The police forces of Lingshui have joined in the investigation. Lingshui traffic departments will also strengthen measures to correct issues regarding illegally operating business vehicles.
“The outcome of a police investigation into the August 4 conflict is still pending. Just after midnight on August 11, the homes of another two taxi drivers were wrecked.”
“Trishaws operate illegally mostly during the night these days. We hope that the governing departments can also intensify their efforts to remedy the situation.”
A reporter of Hinews learned from the Lingshui Li Autonomous County Police Department that the police is currently handling two reports. Further investigations are being carried out for the motive and responsible individuals behind the two cases as well as the relationships between them.
Wang Wenyi, traffic management station master of Lingshui Transport Bureau, said that Lingshui Transport Department has set out to deal with trishaws that transport passengers illegally since the beginning of this year, and has outlawed a total of 613 illegal passenger trishaws.
In the next step, the transportation department will submit applications to the county government, working with multiple departments to step up enforcements to reorganize tricycles, motorcycles, unlicensed commercial vehicles, and other illegal business vehicles throughout the entire county.
At 8:00 AM of August 11, the reporter of Qilu Evening News followed the volunteer health consultation team of “Healthy China Tour” and arrived at Hegou Village in Xihu County, Donggang District.
The village, approximately 24 km from the city, is remotely situated. There are more than 200 households living in the village. Limited by economic, transport and physical factors, middle aged and elderly patients find it inconvenient to visit the doctor.
The scope of this volunteer medical consultation service is quite thorough, and includes internal medicine, surgery, pneumology, psychiatry, dermatology, and pediatric departments.
Many villages heard that volunteer health care specialists would be visiting, and began waiting at the small village square very early on.
Mdm Xue, who is 67 years old this year, suffers from congenital scoliosis. She also recently experienced the issues caused by asthma, and would often pant and find herself short of breath when climbing slopes.
The doctor told Aunty Xue that there is little possibility of a cure for chronic bronchitis, but regular and determined medical treatment can provide relief.
An elderly lady in her sixties brought her little grandchild for consultation at the clinic of the dermatologist.
The old man’s youngest grandson is 11 years old. Since the boy was 3, he has been chronically affected by “jiaoqi” on his left foot.
After checking the legs, the doctor told the elderly that the issue was not “jiaoqi” (athlete’s foot) but seasonal dermatitis, and gave the reminder to stop using non-prescription drugs and avoid delaying proper treatment.
“We provided medical treatment and B-scan ultrasonography services in this village, while another team of volunteer doctors also provided free medical examination services at Qiujiadianzi Village, Hubu Township, Wulian County.”
This round of volunteer medical consultation service is only part of the Healthy China Tour. Other activities will be implemented accordingly in the future.”
51Talk is believed to have landmark significance in the area of building an online education industry ecosphere.
CEO Huang Jiajia expressed that their strategy for the next 5 years is to provide the world’s best learning materials to the children in China.
According to information, “The biggest advantage of 51Talk lies in its ability to cater to the different requirements of users of different age groups.
Chief Operating Officer Zhang Liming said however that by linking global quality foreign teachers and services with students, parents will no longer have to tire themselves and waste precious time picking up and dropping off their children.
Central Bank grants five-year extension to payment business license of 27 non-bank institutions including Alipay
For the purpose of consolidating business resources, giving play to the economies of scale, and raising regulatory efficiency, the extension of the proposed merger of “payment business license” payment institutions, corresponding adjustments to the scope of its business were made.
The merged payment agency shall complete the transfer of all payment related activities within 6 months after receiving notification.
After completing service transfer, the People’s Bank of China shall implement cancellation and replacement of documents relevant to the Payment Business License.
As a number of payment institutions have committed major service violations, suspended or reduced the scale of services, or actively applied for terminating their services, this session shall continue to reduce the scope of services of these institutions.
Relevant institutions shall, within six months of the date of notification, cease, in an orderly manner, to carry out relevant payment services as requested.
Bank of China will continue to prudently carry out work concerned with the renewal of the License for Payment Services according to the law.
Consecutive earthquakes registering 4.4 and 4.5 on the Richter scale has occurred at the Tibetan County of Nima, no has been hurt or killed
Local civil affairs departments reported that no casualty has been caused. The severity and damages caused by the disaster is currently being calculated and verified.
Chang Yubo, the deputy director of the Disabled Persons’ Federation of the city, attended the event and gave an important address.
Leaders who were present presented an award to the second “Loving Yuanshan” Lei Feng private fleet of vehicles.
For over 20 years, the “Loving Yuanshan” project has employed actual actions to provide charitable services to the entire society. Yuanshan Forest Farm has received and managed 5 business units in difficult straits, helping to resettle nearly a thousand employees in the process.
When experiencing a major disaster, the people of Yuanshan will organize themselves to donate money and items, providing a helpful hand to the society.
The spirit of Leifeng is the symbol of truth, rightness and beauty of our ear, a long-term course fitting in socialist values, said  Mr. Sun Jianbo, the Finalist Winner of National Moral Model and former Secretary of Party Committee of Shan LinChang.
When the ceremony ended, the participants of the event visited the Shandong Yuanshan Pioneers’ Memorial Hall to experience its barrier-free facilities.
At the teachers’ training site, Mayor of Rivas Wilfredo Lopez said that all Nicaraguan government entities are working together with HKND to jointly advance the environmental management program, and to embark on afforestation activities.
As the canal developer, HKND Group continued to observe international best practice, and constructed the canal according to international standards, protecting Nicaragua’s ecological environment as much as possible.”
University students, by combining theory and practice, led secondary and primary school students to plant trees, teaching the next generation of Nicaraguans about afforestation and how to go green.
National Agrarian University (Nicaragua) Faculty of Natural Resources and Environment Professor Francisco Reyes led a team to participate in an afforestation education project.
We have reasons to believe that the transoceanic canal project led by the HKND Group will benefit the people of Nicaragua immensely and provide more employment opportunities in the region.”
To ensure long-term benefits of tree planting and reforestation programs, HKND Group also released an illustrated book with tree planting and reforestation training that was given to 15,000 junior-high and elementary school students of Rivas. The aim is to provide students, teachers, and parents with long-term technical guidance.
Recently, the 10th China International Folk Art Festival organized by the China Federation of Literary and Art Circles and the Qinghai People’s Government celebrated its opening ceremony at Xining in Qinghai.
Approximately 300 artists from art troupes and ensembles in 13 countries and regions across five continents gathered together to present exciting performances with international and ethnic and folk characteristics to the audience.
Tajikistan’s “Avesta” news agency, citing information from the Tajik central bank, claimed that Tajikistan’s inflation was 3.7% for the first seven months of this year.
The report pointed out that inflation in Tajikistan was 3.7% in the first seven months of this year. In particular, inflation in the month of July was 0.6%, while inflation for the most recent year was 6%.
The report said that the aim of the Tajik government is to maintain annual inflation rate within 7.5% in 2016. In 2015, the inflation rate of Tajikistan was 5.1%.
Reports further pointed out that for economic development and inflation issues faced by Tajikistan in 2016, the Tajik government and a number of major international financial institutions made different predictions in these areas.
Tajikistan’s Ministry of Economic Development and Trade forecast that the nation’s economic growth would reach 7% in 2016, while inflation would also be above this level in general.
On the other hand, the Asia Development Bank, the World Bank, and the International Monetary Fund respectively gave different predictions for economic development and inflation of Tajikistan in 2016.
As regards these two indicators, forecasts by the Asian Development Bank was 4.2% and 7%; the World Bank’s was 4.8% and 7.5%; and that of the International Monetary Fund at 3.4% and 8.2%.
From our understanding, although affected by a series of negative external factors that include poor global economy, depreciation of the Russian ruble, and reducing foreign remittance, the Tajik economy managed to achieve a 6% growth in 2015.
On August 11, when the reporter’s telephone interview reached Huang Yilin who has returned to her home at Jinyang in Sichuan, she said: “It was an emergency. The only thing I could think of is to rescue people.”
Huang Yiling is a student of the 2015 cohort of the Landscape Architecture School in the Central South University Forestry and Technology.
Huang Yilin who is now studying the professional field of town and country planning wishes to visit Langzhong in Sichuan to learn about architecture in that region, and thus took the entire family to a trip to that location.
At about 10 am on August 8, Huang Yilin’s father was resting at the hotel, while she and her mother were getting ready to wander about Langzhong Ancient City.
After walking for a short distance, they saw a small crowd screaming and yelling, and approached them out of curiosity.
Seeing that the “little boy has disappeared and that the little girl is splashing around in the water, with her head bobbing up and down the river water as the water keeps dragging her down”, Huang Yilin, who had learned swimming at a young age, jumped into the water to save the child.
After jumping into the river, 165-meter tall Huang Yilin realized she could not find the bottom!
The water surface which seemed serene previously hid powerful currents underneath.
But she did everything she could to swim toward the little girl.
Huang Yilin said that the river was muddy and rapid. She was almost spent swimming a distance of less than 5 meters.
She used her entire strength to push the little girl to the side of the levee. “The slope is so slipper. I thought I might sink when I run out of power.”
Huang Yilin therefore cried out to her mother for help. Upon hearing her daughter’s cries, Mdm Yin, who was not a good swimmer, decided to go into the water but was stopped by other swimmers.
On August 10, after the story of Huang Yilin leaping into the river to save a girl spread, Mdm Yin received plenty of words of comfort and praise from family members and friends, as well as “blame” from many.
" I still feel the linger fear! To tell you the truth, my heart was broken when the kid almost fading on the bank cried out for help.
Fear still lingered in Mdm Yin’s heart. Despite the dangers, Mdm Yin said that she would still support the choice made by her daughter under such circumstances and felt proud for what she did.
Huang Yilin seldom took the initiative to go swimming after she learned the skill because she was forced into it. “Who would have thought it would come in handy.”
According to Huang Yilin's class monitor Chen Yiyang, the class has long regarded Huang Yilin as the “top-scoring student” and knew that she is willing to help others.
Opening Ceremony on the 13th for the first Youth Games of Yunnan Province to display ethnic and youth energies
Yunnan Province’s inaugural Youth Games will be held in Mangshi, Dehong Prefecture, from August 13 to August 22.
The organizing committee held a press conference at Mang City in Dehong Prefecture on August 12 to introduce the organization of the event and the state of preparations for the opening ceremony.
The first Youth Games of Yunnan Province is organized by the Yunnan Bureau of Sports with the support of Mangshi People’s Government. The opening ceremony of the Games will be held in the morning of 13th day of the month.
The Games will include 180 competitions divided into 11 events, including track and field, football, basketball, tennis, volleyball, weight-lifting, cycling, wrestling, gymnastics, and martial arts.
Chang Lin, deputy chairperson of the organizing committee of the first Youth Games and deputy director of the Yunnan Bureau of Sports, introduced the principles based upon “government leadership, market operations, and cost reduction in event organization”. Currently, all preparation tasks are in place.
Renovation works at the Dehong Prefecture old sports association weightlifting and wushu gymnasiums, Mangshi First Elementary wrestling arena, and Yinta Scenic Area mountain biking trail have been completed.
To secure proper services to the event, a total of 580 volunteers have been recruited. During the course of the competition, these volunteers will provide athletes as well as the audience at every event venue with great services.
Meanwhile, the Dehong Autonomous Prefecture assembled 11 teams including 70 medical staff and 11 ambulances to guarantee the medical service during the game and in the accommodation area.
As regards issues concerning the opening and closing ceremonies, the lighting ceremony of this Youth Games will incorporate the traditional sports features of Yunnan’s ethnic minorities, and display the rich cultural attributes of Yunnan.
Currently, to prepare for the cultural performance for the opening ceremony, a total of 1,500 students from Dehong Vocational College and 2,000 other professional performers have been mobilized.
The opening and closing ceremonies will fully integrate elements of Yunnan and the characteristics of Dehong, showcasing the regional and folk cultural landscapes of Mang City in Dehong Prefecture.
Rehearsals for the opening ceremony have been concluded. Actual performances will be given tomorrow morning.
The opening ceremony cultural performance of this Youth Games offers a larger scale compared to the previous events.
With effect from September 1, senior citizens aged 60 to 64 may pay 50% less when riding on a city bus.
In the morning of the 11th, several senior citizens were queuing before the IC card sales center of Jining Public Transport Company to apply for the card. Mr. Yao, a 62-year old citizen, received a half-price pass for senior citizens.
In the past, the Aging Problem Commission, Finance Bureau, and Transportation Bureau of Jining City released Notice for Half-Price Urban Bus Fares for Senior Citizens 60-64 Years of Age. This welfare policy was formally enforced on September 1 this year.
“Senior citizens who meet the conditions can simply bring their second generation identity card to an IC sales center to apply for the item. Senior citizens with household registration outside the city who meet the age criteria can also enjoy this benefit.”
Liu Xia, deputy director of the Computer Center of Jining Public Transport Company, said that since it was first released on August 1, the company has processed over 200 half-price fair tickets for senior citizens.
Currently, two types of senior citizen cards are offered. One is a free pass for senior citizens, while the other is a half-price pass for senior citizens.
“For the convenience of the elderly, we have upgraded our system. The frequency of audit for the free card for the elderly has been cut from twice a year to once a year, so that elderly cardholders do not have to bring it in twice.”
China Securities Regulatory Commission (CSRC) indicated on its official weibo today that the two securities regulators are currently working closely together with the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and the Shanghai Stock Exchange.
Meanwhile, the CSRC formed a “Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect” special task force to actively advance the various preparatory work related to the “Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect”. When the relevant regulatory provisions and technical equipment are ready, it will commence operations at an opportune moment this year.
When mass SMS fraud reaches a certain number, even if the fraud was unsuccessful, one may be found guilty of committing fraud.
Proceedings by the People’s Court of Wolong District in Nanyang City of Henan Province found that the accused, Li Huiwang, used a fake base station device to send fraudulent messages at Tongbo County and Nanyang City areas from September 30 to October 4, 2015.
In the same year, at around 10 on October 5, the defendant checked into a room in a hotel at Wolong district, Nanyang City, and used a fake base station to commit mass SMS fraud. He was arrested by Public Security officers.
According to assessments, the fake base station sent a total of 62,228 message notifications on October 4, 2015, interrupting communications for 62,228 cellphone users for a period ranging from 8 seconds to 10 minutes.
After reviewing the case, the court believes that the defendant Li Huiwang used a fake base station to send a total of 62,228 fraudulent messages to an unspecified but large number of people, an act that has established the criminal act of fraud.
As the defense attorney said that the defendant did not attempt the crime or caused the crime to occur, and exhibited a positive attitude when pleading guilty, the attorney recommended adopting a lighter punishment.
Taking into consideration the criminal nature of the defendant, his attitude toward admission of guilt and other circumstances, he was sentenced to four years and six months in prison and fined 10,000 yuan for committing fraud.
The Siberian tiger is now listed as an endangered (EN) species by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) Red List.
According to the Forestry Department of Jilin, the 1998 data from a joint monitoring exercise by China, the US and Russia showed that there were only four to six Siberian tigers, and three to five Amur leopards living in the wild in Jilin Province.
According to Yu Changchun, director of the conservation section of the Jilin Forestry Department, said that Jilin Province has been expanding protection efforts for the wildlife. The populations of the northeastern tiger and northeastern leopard have achieved significant growth and their ranges have been growing as well.
Data from the latest monitoring in 2015 revealed that 27 Siberian tigers and 42 Amur leopards living in the wild were detected within Jilin Province.
As flagship species of World Animal Protection distributed across the China-Russia border, the China-Russia partnership is especially meaningful to restore and increase the populations of northeastern tigers and leopards.
According to the Department of Forestry of Jilin, the province has established a long-term and stable system of cooperation and exchange.
During the 2016 International Conference for the Conservation of Hunchun Tigers and Leopards of China that concluded on the 11th, forestry agencies and animal protection groups of China and Russia have once again reached multiple consensus.
The Jilin Forestry Department expressed that strengthening the conversation partnership between China and Russia is a desperate task for protecting the northeastern tigers and leopards of China. It is also imperative in maintaining the health of Russian tiger and leopard populations.
As a leading cadre of the Party, Sun Fujian lost his ideal and conviction, and severely violated Party discipline. He failed to restrain himself, refused to stop committing errors, opposed Party conduct, and violated Party discipline even after the 18th National Party Congress, the very nature of which was contemptible, and the situation grave.
The case resulted in harmful social impact after becoming the spotlight in the media publication.
After the case occurred, leaders of the criminal police department of the  Haikou public security bureau attached great importance to the matter, and immediately organized a team of elite police force to initiate the investigation.
The police immediately initiated an online manhunt for the suspect, deployed multiple measures, and contacted police forces in other areas to find out the whereabouts of Wang X. Guo.
As the suspect was a serial thief, and had been arrested and punished by the public security bureau, he had fairly strong anti-reconnaissance ability. Coupled with the fact that he was a drug addict, his addiction frequently occurred during questioning, making interrogation very difficult.
The Greenland Shark is also known as the small-headed sleeper shark, and is widely distributed in the Northern Atlantic around Greenland and Iceland. When fully-grown, the shark can reach a length of 4 to 5 meters.
The Greenland shark grows at a extremely slow rate, only 1 cm per year sometimes, suggesting a particularly long lifespan.
Traditional dating methods often use calcified tissues of animals. Fin spines may used in some sharks but this type of calcified tissue is extremely rare in Greenland sharks.
New research led by Julius Nielsen of Denmark’s University of Copenhagen used the lens of the eyes of the Greenland shark to carry out radiocarbon dating.
This method has been used before to determine the age of a whale, but is used, for the first time, to determine the age of a shark and similar types of fish.
Their analysis indicated that the largest shark has an age of about 392 years, with a standard error of about 120 years.
This means that this shark is at least 272 years old, and could be as old as 512 years old.
A female Greenland Shark must reach a length of about 4 meters to reach reproductive maturity. When converted to actual age, she must be at least 156 years old before she is mature.
Researchers therefore included, within their paper, that the Greenland Shark is the currently-known longest-living vertebrate animal on Earth, surpassing the previous champion of right whales with a lifespan of 211 years.
Since a year ago, the results of the exchange rate reform have been significant. The RMB exchange rate has remained generally stable. The reform has also laid the foundation for advancing the internationalization of the RMB at the same time.
In terms of market performance, the RMB exchange rate's characteristic of fluctuating both ways is apparent. The exchange rate’s elasticity has increased and is expected to remain generally stable.
To date, the exchange rate reform has seen the median price of the RMB: USD exchange rate repeatedly fluctuating at more than 100 basis points, with intermittent appreciation and depreciation.
The last exchange rate reform measures prior to the “8.11” exchange rate reform last year were implemented in 2005. In the last 10 years, the RMB has appreciated significantly against the USD.
Since the new currency reforms, Renminbi reversed its appreciation and its central parity rate dropped by about 8% within an year.
On October 1 this year, the International Monetary Fund will officially include the RMB as a currency in the SDR (Special Drawing Rights) basket.
Figures announced by the General Administration of Customs this week revealed that for the first seven months of this year, China’s total imports and exports fell 3% year-on-year to RMB13.21 trillion.
Also in July, the sum of export and import decreased only 0.9% y-o-y, while export increased 2.9% during the same time.
Some experts believe that although imports and exports in July exhibited signs of stability, overly optimistic expectations should be avoided.
In July, China’s total import and export amounted to RMB2.09 trillion, down 0.9% year-on-year.
In which exports amounted to 1.22 trillion RMB for a 2.9% growth; imports amounted to 873.0 billion RMB, decreasing by 5.7%; and trade surplus amounted to 342.8 billion RMB for a 34% growth.
Although total imports and exports have decreased compared to the same period last year, data for export value has increased. This is the fifth consecutive month with growth in exports since March this year.
Shanghai Police arrested more than 3,400 individuals from 157 groups of “thieves, robbers, and frauds” in 4 months
While solving the case, the police also recovered illicit money and goods amounting to more than RMB33 million.
According the confessions of members of the gang of thieves, they entered Shanghai from other parts of the country by chartering an unlicensed taxi. They then separately disembarked to commit the crimes, and would meet up several hours later to leave Shanghai together in the vehicle.
When committing crime, a suspect often regards a building as a unit, climbs up via the external wall, breaks the fence, and steals “floor by floor” from top to bottom.
The suspect has been transferred to the Xuihui District Procuratorate by the Xuhui public security branch for review and prosecution.
The police reminded the public to lock the doors and windows of their homes properly before going out. As for the choice of burglar-proof windows, the public were advised to choose steel of a harder material.
According to Evening Peak News of Voice of China, Shinzō Abe, Prime Minister of Japan, will attend the Sixth Tokyo International Conference on African Development to be held in Kenya at the end of August.
The Conference of Africa's Development is organized by Japan. The first five sessions of this Conference were held in the Japanese cities of Tokyo or Yokohama. This will therefore be the first session of the Conference held in Africa.
As regards this, an official of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Japan said that convening a conference locally in Africa helps attract the attention of African and European nations with regard to Japan.
To support Shinzo Abe’s visit, reports from Kyodo News said that the Liberal Democratic Party of Japan will be sending representative delegations to various countries.
Japan’s path to “become a permanent member” began in the early 1990s, and the Tokyo International Conference on African Development hosted by Japan began in 1993 as well; this was by no means a coincidence!
African countries occupy 53 seats in the United Nations, making the continent an important source of votes in the UN. If Japan wants to enter the Permanent Security Council, it cannot afford to forget Africa.
Opinions regarding the extremist “Islamic State” organization and terrorist activities were also exchanged with relevant representatives from various countries.
The “western division” shall visit 7 countries such as Sierra Leone, Liberia, and Guinea-Bissau.
The Japanese foreign minister Fumio Kishida also disclosed his aims during this session of conference on African development at the United Nations Security Council meeting.
During this period, Abe announced that in order to ensure stability to sub-Saharan African countries, Japan will provide an aid of 100 billion Japanese Yen (approximately equivalent to 6.1 billion RMB) across a period of 5 years.
Observers generally believe that there are two main objectives for Japan's generosity to Africa all this time: The first is to increase Japan’s existence in Africa, and the second is to win the support of African nations for its bid to become a permanent member of the UN Security Council.
Yang Bojiang, an expert on Japan-related issues, analyzed and concluded, “From a political perspective, Africa may lag in terms of development on a relative basis, but it has a large number of countries. Japan has always regarded it as a ‘major source of votes’.”
In the future, Japan will not be abandoning this. They will continue to strengthen their work in Africa and will not give it up.
In terms of economy, Japan has stronger production capacity, but its domestic market is somewhat limited, especially given the low birth rate and aging population that have resulted in a comparatively low internal demand.
However, from Junichiro Koizumi 10 years ago to Abe 10 years later, Japan has initiated several “dashing attempts” to enter the UN Permanent Security Council, all of which has ended in failure.
Japan specialist Yang Bojiang believed that Japan’s intent to become a permanent member was crystal clear, but the path to becoming a permanent member would be difficult.
To achieve its own objectives, Japan must first build good relations with neighboring countries. In particular, whether in terms of geopolitical contention, national disputes or historical understanding, Japan must have the correct attitude.
The Haikou Maritime Court put the case on record early morning to ensure the rights of the parties concerned with the sinking of the Lingao fishing boat
Relatives of the three sailors who perished arrived at the Haikou Maritime Court at 4am on August 7 to file an application for property preservation before prosecution to detain the vessel suspected of causing the accident.
After the incident on the 4th day, the cargo freighter suspected for the cause of the accident was detained by the Maritime Safety Administration at Haikou Xiuying Port to support the investigation.
The Maritime Safety Administration’s 72-hour detention period lapsed at 9am on August 7. Relatives of victims filed their applications for property preservation with the Court in the early hours on the 7th.
At 4:20am, the applicants filed for property preservation before the prosecution. Bailiffs on duty received them patiently.
Professor Cao Xianqiang, Vice Dean of the School of Political Science and Public Administration at Shandong University, will preside over the Forum.
What challenges will globalization and integration of the world economy pose to governance capabilities?
How should national governance adapt to the changing world?
At this time, Fan Deshang will provide an extensive analysis of the aforementioned issues.
Fan Deshang is a Juris Doctor of Peking University, vice director and general secretary of the Peking University Global Governance Research Center, and director of the Cornell University Office in Beijing.
Current research contents primarily focus on substantial changes to global politics, economy, technology, cultural religions, and the like, and how these changes provide opportunities and challenges for national administration, leadership, and global governance.
Traditional customs with new highlights - 2016 Ullam Cultural Festival unveiled at Victoria Park in Hong Kong
Music with drums and gongs, traditional snacks, fanciful decorations, and a chock-a-block crowd at the scene.
The “2016 Ullam Cultural Festival” organized by the Federation of Hong Kong Chiu Chow Community Organizations will be held at Victoria Park from 12th to the 14th. This will be the largest Ullam celebration held in Hong Kong.
Other than the " Catching the Single" from the previous events, a new game of " Family Piling" was added for the whole family to enjoy.
A comic is used to introduce the cultural history of Ullam festival. The venue also included 3D photograph area based on the Ullam theme, traditional snacks, and mobile traditional hands-on workshops that attracted many children and overseas visitors to visit the place and experience its attractions.
A French couple stayed in the event venue for nearly 3 hours, and had a great experience with the mini floral card workshop.
“I found this special festival on the net, and decided to come and have a look. Its really interesting.”
They expressed that though France have similar holidays to celebrate historical characters, the atmosphere is more somber unlike this place where there is music, food, and an opportunity to learn about the traditional arts.
She said: “It is surprising to see an ancestral worshiping ceremony of such scale and organization in a busy financial metropolis such as Hong Kong.”
“This not only highlighted the diversity of Chinese culture, but also allowed more people to learn about these traditional handicraft and pass on this legacy.”
Wu Yim-chung, overall coordinator of this event, said, “We didn't want to have scary decorations for the Hungry Ghost Cultural Festival so that people, particularly little kids, dare not approach.”
“We hope that by providing a younger setting and decor for the event, youths will be able to learn that the Ullam Festival aims to communicate the virtue of filial piety and thanksgiving.”
He also said that a total of 24 teams will take part in this “compete with lonely souls for sacrificial offerings” contest. In addition to social groups and organizations, they are also working with a few schools to allow students to take part in the contest.
It is reported that the Hungry Ghost Festival of the Federation of Hong Kong Chiu Chow Community has been included in the “National Grade Intangible Cultural Heritage Catalog” in 2011.
On the night of the 11th, China National Peking Opera Company brought the Legend of the White Snake to Mexico City, presenting a true blue Peking Opera feast to local audiences at the Mexico Palace of Fine Arts.
As a key performance item for the China-Latin America Cultural Exchange Year, the China National Peking Opera Company shall provide a total of 7 Peking Opera performances at 5 cities, including Mexico City, the capital of Mexico, Córdoba, and Juárez.
The audience smiled and applauded with the evolving plot and the theatrical performance given by the artistes of the Legend of the White Snake.
Marisa Giménez Cacho, who had watched a Peking Opera performance 15 years ago, accompanied her daughter throughout the entire show.
“This was a fantastic performance. The music, lighting and stage performance left an indelible impression on me ...... I feel that it is absolutely necessary for my daughter to also come and understand Chinese culture and the art of Chinese Peking opera.”
The passion of the Mexican audience left an indelible impression on Fu Jia, the young actress who played the role of Madame White Snake.
“I didn’t realize that the Mexican audience was so passionate. Originally, I was somewhat concerned about whether they would understand the story, but I could see today that they were able to grasp the plot and numerous jokes. I didn't expect that.”
Qiu Xiaoqi, the Chinese Ambassador to Mexico, said that the various cultural exchange events for the China-Latin America Cultural Exchange Year will play an active role in improving mutual understanding and friendship between the people of China and Mexico.
Next year is the 45th anniversary for the establishment of official diplomatic ties between China and Mexico. Additional cultural exchanges and events will be held in two countries.
Liu Cigui went to Sanya to investigate and study “dual remediation and dual urban construction” requirements to improve city construction management standards
In the morning of the 12th, Liu Cigui chaired a conference and listened to reports on the implementation “dual remediation” and “dual construction” pilot programs as well as opinions and recommendations provided by various departments.
Liu Cigui fully acknowledged the results and positive experiences and effective methods achieved for the step-by-step demonstration project.
Liu Cigui highlighted that Sanya must firmly leverage historical development opportunities, and use the pilot programs of “ecological restoration and urban repair” and “sponge city and integrated pipeline corridor development city” as key bases so as to give full play to its demonstration leadership role in the Province’s economic and social development.
To improve the globalization standards for the International Travelling Island to better serve as a benchmark company, efforts shall include focusing on the details, enriching global elements, and building fine global brands.
In order to successfully play a leadership role in urban-rural integration and regional tourism, the building of towns with unique styles should be accelerated, tourism elements should be integrated in every project, and tourist attractions should be built in every village and town.
To ensure that the “100-day Mega Campaign for Servicing Social Investments” properly serves its pilot effect, a number of major projects and parks and proper implementation of high quality undertakings must be implemented. Every project requirement must be fulfilled accordingly.
Zhang Qi, provincial party committee member and party committee secretary of Sanya City, Wang Lu, the vice provincial governor, and Lu Zhiyuan, secretary general of the provincial government, participated in this investigative conference.
During her 14 years of sports career, Ms. Deng Yaping won 18 world champions and became the first winner of four Olympic gold medals in Chinese history.
She has topped the world leaderboard in table tennis for 8 consecutive years, making her the longest reigning “world queen” in the history of table tennis.
On September 26, 2010, he served as the deputy secretary general of People’s Daily and the general manager of the People Search Internet Corporation, making him a member of the upper management.
A few days ago, she and Yu Minhong together jointly created the first sports industry innovation and entrepreneurial platform in China.
The athletic associations in China also have their own team of superstar coaches. These coaches have won numerous glories for their country as athletes. After retiring from their athletic career, they began teaching their experiences and what they’ve learned to younger athletes who would then go on to become champions in their own right.
As the first Chinese world champion in men’s gymnastics, Huang Yubin became a coach after retirement.
Working up from the women's team coach to the men's team coach, then to the main coach, Huang Yubin has created an “Olympic gold medalist winners”, leading the team to acquire the legendary achievement of 9 golds, 1 silver, and 4 bronzes in the Beijing Olympics.
Subsequently, Tian Liang continued to be an advertisement spokesperson. In recent years, he has also played the roles of a “cowboy”, “Lei Feng” and other major characters.
Many NBA players have proven themselves, but progress for some meant regress for others.
Due to aging or restrictions on playing time, performance of several players may become worse for each season.
Of course, some of this “degeneration” could be attributed to lowered statistics, but the true ability of these players probably stayed the same.
Although Wade is still regarded as one of the best shooting guards in the NBA, his performance with the Bulls will unlikely be as good as when he was at Miami Heat.
He and Rondo has limited perimeter shot range, and their superstar Butler only has a 32.8% chance of scoring with a three-point shot. Offenses they head for the next season will be extremely crowded.
After arriving at the Windy City, Wade “the Lightning” will, where possible, pass the ball to Butler and Rondo while he himself adopts a more wholesome gameplay strategy in conventional games.
Okafor’s position is quite precarious. As the only option for the 76ers in the last season, he was forced to jostle with Simons and Embiid for play time and ownership of the ball during the new season.
This competition may not be imminent. Simmons still has to adapt to the NBA game. Embiid also has to fully recover from his injuries as soon as possible. Whether Okafor will hold a permanent position in the 76ers however, remains questionable.
In the previous season, Okafor’s 32% scoring rate was attributed to low post offense. This ratio was higher than that of Cousins, Vučević, and Brook Lopez. His usage rate is also amongst the top-40 of the entire NBA.
As Simmons has demonstrated great potential as a point forward and Embiid is starting to get a physique more suitable for NBA games, Okafor’s position will only become less stable.
For the last two seasons, Thompson has been one of the top-20 most commonly fielded players in the NBA. Those were his most impressive two seasons in his entire career.
The problem is that with the arrival of Durant, the chance for having Thompson play in the games will definitely drop, further lowering his chances of performing.
This not only affected the chances for Thompson to play the game, his field goal attempts will be vastly reduced in the next season, and reduce the challenges faced by his opponents when defending against him.
The arrival of Durant will definitely result in a drop in numbers among Warriors’ players, but Thompson will probably have the most to lose.
This does not mean that Thompson’s standards have dropped. In fact, it appears that he’s making sacrifices for the sake of the entire team.
Parker’s performance last season was better than his stats suggested. Not only did Parker achieve his career best in rebound efficiency, his chemistry with Aldridge also benefited the Spurs.
Duncan has retired, while Ginóbili announced that he will play for another year. The GDP combination has finally come to an end. As the youngest of the three, there is little gas in the tank of the French sports car.
Only Jabbar, Jordan, and Russell won more standard MVP games than James after obtaining their third championship rings. Jordan is the only person with more FMVP than James.
O yes, James has just helped deliver the first professional sports championship trophy to Cleveland in 52 years.
James, who is in the 14th season of his professional career, needs to better retain his physical strength to prepare well for the playoffs.
Therefore, during the regular season, James’ stats may well decline further. He will share more of his burden with Owen but he will easily remain one of the top 3 NBA players.
" We must promote the skills learned at home across Russia"
On the 12th day, local time, Huang Jing, the chairperson of the Moscow Chinese Community Chinese Alliance Committee excitedly said these lines when meeting the China News Service reporter.
She recently attended a " Traditional Art(Calligraphy and Painting) Training for Overseas Chinese Art Communities" hosted by Overseas Chinese Affairs Office of the State Council.
When I first joined the workshop, I didn’t know where to begin as far as calligraphy and painting was concerned. After the course ended, I was already able to paint and write my own works.
Upon returning to Moscow, I shall use my acquired knowledge and skills in my contributions toward the spread and advocation of Chinese culture.
Na Yanwei, the secretary general of the Russian Chinese Culture Promotion Society, participated in this training class and felt the same.
She said she achieved significant improvements with the coach’s help in the training class, and experienced the responsibilities of becoming an “overseas seed for spreading Chinese culture”.
Na Yanwei said that after he returns to Russia, he will continue to spread and advocate traditional Chinese culture amongst the Chinese community and Russian people who love Chinese culture.
On 19:35 today, Chongqing Dangdai Lifan will play away against Beijing Sinobo Guoan in one of the first matches of the 22nd round of the Chinese Super League.
At the 29th minute, Wang Dong scored a goal with a penalty kick. At the 39th minute, the newly fielded Kardec, assisted by Fernando, scored his first goal in the Chinese Super League. At minute 81, the Guoan team managed to score a goal.
After the game was on for 10 minutes, Lifan continued to press their offense and won multiple corner kick opportunities. Fernando attempted a small-angle volley strike that was kept out of the endline by Guoan defenses.
In the 15th minute, Zhang Xize crossed in midfield with Yilmaz having already rushed into the penalty box, but lone defender Liu Yu kicked the ball away.
After 1 minute, Piao Cheng managed to work his way in from the left. Yu Dabao made a sweeping shot at the goal within the penalty area but missed the shot. Deng Xiaofei, the goalkeeper of Lifan, managed to keep the ball safe in his custody.
Fernando struck from the right, back passing when faced with two defenders before suddenly launching a pick pass to the goal area. Kardec rushed forward through the defense but was floored by Lei Tenglong’s flying tackle. The referee rewarded Kardec with a penalty kick and gave Lei Tenglong with a yellow card.
Guoan swapped out a player in the 37th minute. Zhang Xiaobin was replaced by Chang Chiming to defy his ex-team.
Kardec broke away and crossed in front of the penalty area. Fernando sent a low shot from the left, and Kardec conveniently shot the ball in for a goal.
This is the goal by Kardec in his first CSL game. Lifan leads by 2:0.
Not long after the start of the second half, Fernando forced his way through the defense and won a free kick on the right. However, the shot was at a tight angle and blasted over the goal.
After Deng Xiaofei was given a yellow card for wasting time, substitute Peng Xinli was also given a yellow card for a foul in the penalty area.
At the 56th minute, Zhang Chiming cut in from the left, and passed the ball to Zhang Xizhe who curled the ball toward goal but was blocked by Deng Xiaofei.
In the penalty area, Liu Yu savagely raked Krimets. He and the emotional Wang Dong received the yellow card one after another.
At the 63rd minute, Fernando attempted an offensive from the right, but was directly rammed by Krimets, causing him to fall over. Fernando was extremely displeased with Krimets’s action, and the latter was given a yellow card.
After a minute, Fernando then went through the right, demonstrating his rapid offensive skills. Yu Dabao took after him in desperate defense, fouling in the process and receiving a yellow card.
Yılmaz managed to breakthrough the penalty area but fell after being intercepted by Zheng Yourong. The referee decided to provide Yılmaz with a penalty kick which he then scored, resulting in a 2:1 for Lifan versus Guoan.
On the 86th minute, Zhou Ting crossed the ball in on the right. Sergeev chested the ball down in the middle of the box and took shot at goal. Deng Xiaofei again dived splendidly to push the ball away.
After the four-minute overtime, Lifan kept the score at 2-1 until the final whistle, and beat Guoan in the away game.
After taking 3 valuable points, Lifan’s total score has reached 27 points, currently giving the team a rank 10 position on the leaderboards.
Lehmann will serve as a pundit for the Bundesliga’s media partners, and take part in various local fan activities.
According to information, ambassadors Raisman and Matthäus of the German Bundesliga will be initiating their Legends Tour this autumn in Asia and the Americas to prepare fans for the opening ceremony of the 2016/2017 season.
This event will span two continents and cover 4 first-tier cities. They will fan the flames of public attention for the new season at these locations with fellow fans.
The German premier league Bundesliga is lauded as one of the top five leagues of Europe (English Premier League, the Primera División of Spain, Serie A of Italy, Bundesliga of Germany, and France Ligue 1 of France), and is therefore one of the most important sporting event for the football kingdom of Germany.
As one of the most influential leagues in the world, the 2014-2015 season of Bundesliga attracted about 13.30 million visitors to watch the football games.
German premier league teams include Bayern Munich and Dorftmund, as well as famous football stars such as Thomas Müller, Philipp Lahm, and Mario Götze who are extremely well-known in China.
Bundesliga places great hopes to provide Chinese football fans with more accessible and prompt channels for acquiring the latest information of the league, and will be using Weibo, Youku, and WeChat Chinese language platforms that the league has previously established.
The UK team won a silver medal while the Fijian team won the gold medal in rugby sevens.
During the final game of rugby sevens in Thursday evening, the UK team was unable to sustain their outstanding performance before the Fijians and was defeated by the Fijian team at the Rio Deodoro Stadium with a score of 43 to 7.
The Fijian team demonstrated impeccable performance in ball control, interception, dodging, teamwork, running, and power, taking the gold medal they deserve. This is also the country’s first Olympic gold in history.
For the defeated British team, the silver medal offered some consolation. This silver medal was the third silver medal received by the British team that day. This accomplishment was enough to make the British rugby team feel proud: The first time they took part in the rugby sevens at the Olympic Games, they defeated New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa.
Earlier that day, the UK team defeated the South African team with a slight margin of 7 to 5. This may affect their status in the finals.
Regardless, the current Fijian team is capable of defeating any 15-member rugby team with high morale.
Tomorrow, at least one British national will be wearing a gold medal. This may or may not be a form of consolation for the UK team. This British national is the head coach of the Fijian team, Ben Ryan. He was once the head coach of the British team.
The results Britain obtained today was not easy.
Eight years ago, coached by Ryan, they failed to win at the Adelaide IRB Sevens World Series.
Now they are only one step to champion.
Despite being severely affected, they managed to achieve surprising improvements.
Fiji dominated from the very beginning; the British team could barely hold its own.
For Tom Mitchell and his teammates, it was like hitting a row of buses on the move. When Osea Kolinisau rushed into the corner flag section, this world series champion was already leading comfortably at 5-0.
Jerry Tuwai scored a touch down on the right wing just 4 minutes into the match.
12 to 0. The UK team almost didn’t touch the ball at all.
Michael’s powerful tackle prevented the colossal Leone Nakarawa from making his third point. However, this only delayed the Fijian’s speed in scoring another goal.
At the 7th minute, Jasa Veremalua touched down in the right corner. 17=0; it was one disaster after another for the British team.
Nacarava scored another point, and there was still 1 minute left in the first half of the match ........
Then Vatemo Ravouvou broke through the England defense, and scored.
During half-time, the score is already 29 to 0.
Playing Rugby Sevens seemed second nature to Fijians. The British team, on the other hand, are still fledglings.
Such is the situation.
The UK team made drastic changes for the second half of the game and hurled themselves at the Fijian defenses for four minutes. This performance was, when compared to the first half, rather impressive. However, the Fujian team demonstrated fantastic teamwork, with Josua Tuisova scoring another touchdown.
Dan Norton created a scoring opportunity for Great Britain. He touched own on the left corner and changed the score to 36-7, but the match had long been within the control of the South Sea Island nation. Their fans were signing, waving flags, and dancing in the stands.
The exciting performance given by the Fijian team was to be applauded.
Mata Viliame prevented an indifferent attack by the Fiji team at the last moment.
When the final whistle was blown, the Fijians got together in a big hug while the UK team left the field in defeat.
Earlier today, the Fijian team defeated the Japanese team in the semi-finals with a score of 20 to 5. The UK, on the other hand, won a victory by a very slim margin after a grueling semi-finals game.
In the first half of the game, Kyle Brown helped the South African team achieve a lead, but Dan Norton and his impressive footwork managed to break through the defenses to score a point in the second half.
Afterwards, Marcus Watson, a brother of Anthony, of the UK team secured the team’s victory with an impressive interception, allowing the UK to win the silver medal.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning, encouraged by their coach who was afflicted with cancer, won the gold medal for the sculls event.
It isn’t an overstatement to describe this as the most emotional gold medal.
Since they started rowing, Helen Glover and Heather Stanning have received 220 sessions of punitive pulling training. The gold medal they won at Estacio da Lagoa is especially meaningful for them.
Although there were only two rowers on the boat, there was another presence, that of their coach Robin Williams, whose voice accompanied them in their charge to achieve their second Olympic gold medal in the women’s double sculls. The women are the first British pair to win a women’s sculls event at such level.
They have defended a record of 39 consecutive victories and enjoy definitive advantage.
You witnessed the two talent swimmer sliding gracefully across the surface. But it is not  what the victory all about.
There are many volunteer supporters behind a rowing metal who made difference by their devotions. The most helpful hand was the coach who did not expect witness the victory day because he was diagnosed of cancer 30 months before.
Just as he said, death strikes at any time.
I had bladder cancer, and went for surgery.
If the operation is not implemented, the cancer cells will spread throughout the entire body.
The situation will be a lot worse this way.
This will slightly change your views.
Williams was diagnosed with cancer in December 2013.
Fortunately, after initiating treatment in early 2014, he was able to minimize the effects to the minimum. However, it may be inappropriate to describe it as such under such circumstances.
I must get paid, so I must get better as quickly as possible.
This was an incentive for me.
I live in the hospital. Although they say taking a few steps is enough, I would walk 20 feet, 30 feet, 50 feet around the ward every time.
This was the origin of all things.
Rowing is a journey in and of itself, and this has made the journey somewhat longer.
They thought about Williams first when the gold metal was secured. Williams was a little bit more talkative this morning, a way to get rid of his anxiety.
Once a captain of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, Stanning will go to Afghanistan later. She said, “I was out of sorts this week, perhaps a little extreme, but the significance of this gold medal is extraordinary.”
It repeatedly told me how important this is, how much Helen, Robin, and I have dedicated ourselves to this.
These are the returns Helen, Robin and I have worked hard for for the last three years.
If not for Luo Bin, we would still be nobodies. We are very grateful to him. He is the best coach in the world.
I couldn’t possibly have found a trainer and coach better than him.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning have been undefeated for five years.
Their opponents prove to be unable to withstand the punishing power of this combination.
Although the New Zealand and Denmark teams began to close in in the 500 meters, Stanning and Glover still had massive physical reserves.
It was extremely thrilling.
"Keep the beat, the beat!" Helen screamed.
It is very important to not be influenced by your opponent.
We had a very good start, and did not expect to do anything earth-shattering.
We didn't think of the glory we won today. We only thought about making every row count and winning the competition, and we did just that.
This combination took a year to decide its future.
Glover will be marrying Steve Backshall, a television explorer, next month.
But now she is only interested in enjoying the good times.
I don’t want to say that this is my last match.
This will give me too much pressure.
In London, I spent about 6 months before I realized that I’m a Olympic champion.
This is a brand new expereince, and I’m very nervous.
Approximately 4 minutes have passed.
She expressed: “I feel much better.”
Take a look of the astounding architecture of the Los Angeles Central Library
A salon will be hosted by Southern California Branch of Society of Architectural Historians and the co-authors of Los Angles Central Museum: Art and Architectural History, Arnold Schwarzman and Stephen Gee. It will deliver more knowledge of the Central Library to the participants.
Gee and Schwarzman will discuss and share images of design by Bertram Goodhue in 1926 and restoration and expansion of  Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer Associates in 1933.
The salon hours are: 2pm to 4pm, August 21. Address: Salle Moderne, Art Deco Southwestern School of Law (formerly Bullocks Wilshire), 3050 Wilshire Blvd.
Visitors can visit the venues of the central hall, the history exhibit, the cactus lounge, and the tea lounge.
Advance ticket reservation required; SAHSCC members: US$15; non-members: US$25.
A comfortable makeover was provided to the open factory building design of DTLA.
Celebrating the 90th anniversary of the Los Angeles Central Library and sale of new book
Bulgaria saw inflation for the first time in eight months
National statistical results showed that Bulgaria’s monthly inflation rate was 1% in July.
Inflation was at its highest level in years (since June 2016), surpassing zero for the first time since October last year (inflation at 0.2%).
Compared to the previous 12 months (August 2014 to July 2015), the annual average inflation rate (based on the consumer price index) for the last 12 months (August 2015 to July 2016) was -0.8%.
Compared to June 2016, the Consumer Price Index (CPI) in July 2016 stood at 101.0%, i.e., the monthly inflation rate was 1.0%.
Inflation rate to date for this year (July 2016 relative to December 2015) was -0.2%. When compared to July 2015, the annual inflation rate in July 2016 was -0.2%.
When compared to the previous month, the prices of the following consumer items have rose during July 2016: food and non-alcoholic beverages (1.7%), transportation (1.8%), entertainment and culture (6.3%), restaurants and hotels (1.2%), and other products and services (0.3%).
Prices that have fallen include apparel and shoes (2.2%), furniture, home appliances and routine maintenance (0.5%), as well as health care (0.1%).
Commodity prices that remained stable last month include alcoholic beverages, tobacco, housing, water, electricity, natural gas and other fuels, communication, and education.
The “anime” effect of Snapchat is being accused of making fun at Asians.
Snapchat expressed that anime has served as an inspiration for this filter. Some observers, however, believe that it has racist undertones.
The 150 million active users of Snapchat can use the filter to change the real image into a hilarious and funny face.
You can turn yourself into a pineapple, dog, or a character in a Roy Lichtenstein painting.
with a effects of passivation and curving, the filter was used by more than 30million selfies a day.
Any mistake will be a focal point for the general public.
The Snapchat filter was criticized before for encouraging blackface antiques or providing fairer skin for beauty effects.
Therefore, when it was said that this week should be used to provide some users with filters that could create the effects of slanted eyes, buckteeth and pink face, some critics have called this a racist caricature of “yellow skinned” Asians.
They even believed that the recurrence of these events is a sign that there are major diversity issues within this company.
Snapchat expressed that after removing this function, the Wednesday report on The Verge and Motherboard has led to public fury.
The company’s explanation is: this filter is a tribute to anime characters, not a jibe at Asians.
For an observer who has experienced racism, this filter reminded them of harmful stereotypes that occur in real life.
Others also firmly opposed these anime caricatures.
With respect to the posting of these photographs on Twitter and repeated sharing, a Korean American art student expressed in an e-mail that these filters are: “Annoying and discomforting.”
She also said:" It is difficult to distinguish the extremely disgusting ironic image of Asian and the filter effect."
Although the filter does not just include East Asians, these people have been subject to extreme ridicule.
Snapchat was not the only company to have tested the cultural bottom line.
From the company’s board meeting to Hollywood, and the equipment we brought, the American culture seems to promote diversity and tolerance.
Snapchat’s large population of young users are more focused on racial diversity compared to the older generation, and may be extremely sensitive to this.
When a Snapchat filter produced an image that insulted a user, 25-year-old Katie Zhu said in an interview on Thursday, “In the past, this sort of thing would not have easily eluded people.”
On Thursday, Madam Zhu, who is a product manager and engineer at Medium, decided to delete her Snapchat account and encouraged others to do so as well.
In  an article for Medium and in a telephone interview, she said that she believed that the racial controversy reflected a lack of ethnic diversity in Snapchat’s hiring process.
Zhu criticized that most employees of this company are white men, that upper management are all men, and added a hashtag at the back of her post: #DeleteSnapchat.
As a Chinese American, Mdm Zhu expressed: “Either that they have no colored employees which made this decision possible, or that they have colored employees but their job titles prevent them from voicing their opinions.”
Other observers shared her complaint for not receiving a response from Snapchat
This Company has yet to publish information on employee diversity, and expressed that they are a private company.
On Thursday, Snapchat refused to discuss the ethnic backgrounds of its staff, but a spokesperson said that the company had recently hired a recruiter to focus primarily on groups that comprise a lower proportion of the company, and to work on promoting inclusiveness within the company.
Madam Zhu said that she will close her Snapchat account, “I want to know if they need more users like us who oppose this sort of behavior.”
House panel says military officers distorted ISIS intelligence
A report issued by a congressional panel on Thursday revealed that US Central Command officials altered intelligence reports to portray a more optimistic picture of the war against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria than events on the ground warranted.
This mid-term report is prepared by a special task force established by the United States House Committee on Armed Services, House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, and Republication Party chairperson of the House Appropriations Defense Subcommittee. The report claimed that “displeasure is common” amongst intelligence analysts of the United States Central Command. These analysts expressed that their superiors are changing their assessments regarding the war between the United States and the Islamic State.
The United States Central Command (Centcom), located at Tampa in the State of Florida, is a military headquarter responsible for monitoring US military activities in the Middle East and Central Asia regions.
According to news about this report, “intelligence review by high ranking leadership of the United States Central Command gave more optimistic descriptions for US counter-terrorism activities compared to actual situations. The review was also more optimistic compared to analyses carried out by other intelligence agencies.”
Republican Party representative of the state of California expressed: “The actions of the United States Central Command is hard to accept. Our soldiers are suffering and bearing the brunt of the war while higher ups making the policies are receiving wrong analysis.”
Leadership issues have spread to the highest echelons of the US Central Command.
The report gave detailed descriptions and analysis of the United States Central Command in 2014 and 2015 for long-term issues regarding US training provided to the Iraqi armed forces.
Although there was no clear evidence to show that senior officials of the Obama administration ordered the reports to be altered, the report said that these analysts felt that they were under pressure from Central Command leaders to portray a more optimistic view of threats from the Islamic State (ISIS or ISIL).
The report claimed that “in the first half of 2015, many Central Command press releases, statements and congressional testimonies were significantly more positive than actual events.”
For example, a Centcom official stated publicly that a major military assault to take back Mosul could begin as early as April or May 2015.
Mosul, the second largest city of Iraq, is currently under the control of the Islamic State.
Kansas Republican Representative Michael Pompeo said in a statement, “After months of investigation, this much is very clear.”
From mid-2014 to mid-2015, most senior intelligence officials of the United States Central Command manipulated intelligence products of the Command and covered up threats posed by the Islamic State of Iraq.
After Republicans learned from analysts that information on the Islamic State was manipulated, they formed a special taskforce.
Along with ongoing investigation, more findings will be forthcoming following the issuance of Thursday’s report.
The General Counsel of the Department of Defense conducted a long-term investigation of the Central Command.
Democrat members of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence reported the results of the investigation on Thursday. The results were consistent with parts of the conclusion reached by the Republican Party task force.
Adam Schiff, the committee’s Democratic Party leader said in a statement, “Between 2014 and 2015, Centcom created an overly insular process for producing intelligence assessments on ISIL and Iraqi Security Forces.”
Mr Xie Anda said that this process “hindered intelligence disclosure”, lowered the morale of analysts, and “rejected different opinions.”
Adam Schiff and the democrats also expressed that they did not find any evidence proving the White House tried to press on analysts in the Central Command. It's a way to fit their conclusion with the " preset or political story".
On Tuesday, The Daily Beast reported the results of preliminary investigations by the Congress.
Last August, The New York Times reported that the Inspector General of the Pentagon has initiated investigations after receiving complaints from the United States Central Command analysts.
Pentagon spokesperson Navy Lieutenant Commander Patrick Evans said in a statement that the Department of Defense will refrain from making any comments on the congressional report until after the Attorney General has concluded its investigation.
However, he said, “Experts sometimes disagree when it comes to interpretation of complex data, and intelligence agencies and the Ministry of National Defense encourage healthy dialogue on these important national security topics.”
The impact of this investigation has already surpassed the issue of whether the bombing of Iraq and Syria led by the US would be successful (as claimed by an increasing number of Department of Defense officials).
Last year however, these assertions have caused the public to question the extent to which President Obama can trust the assessment for military action issued by the Central Common on Iraq, Afganistan, Libya and other areas of crisis.
The critiques on the Islamic State intelligence mirror disputes of more than a decade ago, when a Centcom intelligence analyst, Gregory Hooker, wrote a research paper saying that the administration of President George W. Bush, over many analysts’ objections, advocated a small force in Iraq and spent little time thinking about what would follow the 2003 invasion.
Mr. Hooker played an important role in opposing the incident regarding the Islamic State intelligence.
Last year, an official expressed that the conclusion reached by Mr. Hook’s team is that air strikes launched against oil refinery facilities of the Islamic State failed to drastically reduce the economic income of the terrorist organization as they had constructed a temporary refinery and continued to sell oil on the black market. This was greatly different from the published statement.
According to a September report in Time magazine, the US Central Command did not disclose this finding to the public.
When numerous lawyers reviewed the overly optimistic assessments regarding the war within the testimony given to the Senate, Commander Lloyd James Austin III of the US Central Command came under intense criticisms.
General Austin retired from military service in April, and his position as commander of United States Central Command has been succeeded by Joseph Votel.
The US has acquired four consecutive wins in the women's hockey game, and will be facing the UK to determine who’s the victor.
Katie Bam, who scored a hat trick in 6-1 victory over Japan, helped the USA women’s field hockey team defeat India 3-0 on Thursday by scoring two goals.
Having scored 5 goals in 2 games and astounding the audience with her skills, Bam, currently 27 years old, expressed that she was unaware that her performance has garnered such attentions.
She said, “I haven’t the faintest idea.”
I am not someone who would remember how many goals I scored.
She knew that the American team has achieved 4 consecutive victories in the Olympics, and will be playing against the UK team for the first position in the division. The UK team has just defeated the Japanese team on Thursday with a score of 2 to 0.
The UK and the US will face each other in the first round of the competition on Saturday.
Both teams are in quarterfinal. It is the match for group winner.
The team that achieves the first place in the group will be able to avoid the much stronger Netherlands team and go further in this event. The Netherlands team has emerged as the first place in another group.
During the competition on Saturday, the American team astounding performance achieved a miracle. Just four years ago at the London Olympics, the American team was given the lowest ranks of the 12 teams.
Bam was in that team at the time.
Bam grew up in Blue Bell, Pennsylvania, and picked up a hockey stick for the first time when she was three years old (her older twin sisters are field hockey players at Drexel). She joined the national team at 16, and is to date, the youngest member of the national team.
She missed out on the 2008 Olympic Games because she failed to make the shortlist.
In 2012, both she and her teammates were regarded as underdogs.
During the second year, when Craig Panam from Britain became the main coach, everything started to change.
Bam said, “This was a cultural, mindset and substantive change.”
Our standards back at London have yet to reach our current level.
We were able to achieve a complete reversal.
On Thursday night, Bam delivered a backhand shot at close range to score the first goal in the first half.
India has yet to achieve victory in this Games, but the team has demonstrated amazing determination and kept the score at 1:0 until nearly the end of the third quarter. This was when Bam started the rampage.
She brought the ball along the left of the field for a long distance charge before cutting inwards to the center, delivering a shot that sent the ball into the goal, allowing the US team to gain a lead with 2:0.
Melissa Gonzalez scored the last goal in the middle of the fourth quarter.
US goalkeeper Jaclyn Briggs shutout the opposition with the first clean sheet of the season. In the previous three wins, she let in one goal each.
This time, she put on an extraordinary performance.
Bam too.
Panum said, “We’re in good form right now”, but exactly how good would depend on the outcome of Saturday's match.
Miserable fare during the Great Depression in The Big Feast
In March 1933, Franklin Delano Roosevelt, who was just elected as the President of the United States, was sitting in the presidential office enjoying lunch.
As a gourmet, President Roosevelt loved fancy foods from Fifth Avenue such as foie gras and Maryland terrapin soup.
His menu was very simple that day: deviled eggs with ketchup, mashed potatoes and preserved fruit pudding as dessert.
Jane Zigman said: “This is to show solidarity with people who are suffering as a result of food-related issues.”
Her husband Andrew Cole added: “This also reflected the American food culture.”
The couple who lives at Brooklyn Heights are both food historians.
Mr Coe’s previous book, Chop Suey, was about Chinese cuisine in America, while Ms Ziegelman’s 97 Orchard tells the story of the lives of tenants living in the ghetto through food.
The new book titled A Square Meal that the two jointly authored will be published by Harper on Tuesday. The book introduces the history of American food during the Great Depression.
After demonstrating some consensual understanding about food, they met a reporter at a sandwich shop at Eisenberg. This simple lunch eatery at the Flatiron District has been in business since the economic depression of 1929.
54-year-old Ms Ziegelman ordered a cream cheese and crushed olive sandwich, while 57-year-old Mr Coe ordered a turkey, mashed potato and vegetable set.
The reporter ordered a meatloaf. This couple felt that this meal was appropriate for discussing food during the Great Depression.
Ziegelman said: “Bread was very popular at that time.”
There was peanut bread, liver bread and soybean bread at the time.
They are all made from a particular raw material, and a cheap topping that can be poured onto the raw material.
Just imagine for a moment that peanuts are all you are going to have for dinner.
Mr. K made a face.
He said: “They definitely feel like lead in your stomach.”
Americans enjoy buffet meals everyday, especially in suburb areas several years before the Great Depression.
A group of women is responsible for preparing the meals for the male farmhands. There are baked pies for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
During WWI, Americans sent food to hungry Europeans. The Big Feast recorded how this country was suddenly no longer a land of plenty.
Mr Coe explained why he and his wife wanted to write this book. “At the time, food had become a major topic that made Americans unhappy.”
Another unwelcome topic is the poor state of new food: “Mysterious food” comprising bread and stewed vegetables have become the entrée. Stewed vegetables is the “best way to cook leftovers,” as explained by Ziegelman as chefs can use cream within the sauce to cover up the taste of poor-tasting ingredients.
Fresh fruits are being replaced by cheaper dried fruit preserves.
For many years, meat, once a staple part of the American dinner table, has become a rare luxury item.
This strange mish-mash seems to be focused solely on calories instead of taste or even basic cooking techniques. The people are primarily concerned with nutrition.
In the course of researching this book, including various recipes, Ms Ziegelman made a roasted onion stuffed with peanut oil.
Mr Coe said, “This is not a common sight at the dinner table.”
Ziegelman expressed: “This is really odd.”
Pairing peanut oil with roasted onions is simply out of the question.
This is a feature of many family budget meals.
Home economists have influenced the dietary habits of this country. For example, Louis Stanley served as the Chief of the Bureau of Home Economics from 1923 to 1943. Such personalities are unique in history.
They published recipes and articles in newspapers and magazines encouraging women to “act in an economic way” and bravely combine carbonara with carrots and other food with lower grade to make something delicious.
A Square Meal provides a sumptuous historical feast.
The response of the government to the starving public worthed pondering, for example " It's other's business" attitude by the President Herbert Hoover
Although he openly praised the simple Iowa farmstead of his childhood, his diet was as exquisite as a millionaire’s meal.
Mr Coe said, “He liked to eat Continental cuisine, like fish with cucumber sauce.”
He is wearing an evening suit and having dinner at a gold-plated restaurant.
He is clearly detached from the people.
If not for wife Eleanor’s encouragement to set an example in respect of his diet, President Roosevelt may also have made the same mistake.
As was said in this book, the housekeeper Mrs Roosevelt hired had no interest in taste. Therefore, the White House “not only had the worst food in Washington, it also had the worst prepared food.”
When the US returned to normal, many methods of cooking during the Great Depression were abandoned.
Miss Zigman expressed that the remaining is our concern for calories and nutrition as well as scientific applications in cooking.
This couple expressed that when writing the book, they achieved further understanding of the culinary habits of Ziegelman’s mother, such as her unwillingness to throw any food away.
Mr Coe said, “She dreads wasting food.”
Ms Ziegelman recalled, “In fact, she made a lot of people sick.”
Another incidence that occurred was the “cream puff” event.
After taken away the dishes, Mr. K and she presented a home-made dessert, or the dried fruit pudding President Roosevelt enjoyed during the lunch.
Ziegelman said: “This is called cream conserve.” She then gave this common dish a trendy name of: “Old Tricks”.
This dessert does not contain whipped cream, only preserved fruit, a little flour, sugar, water and cinnamon.
Everyone reluctantly dipped their spoons deep into the dense brown paste.
This dessert tastes surprisingly good.
Mr Ko ate a second spoonful, and a third spoonful.
He felt that this was an acceptable and affordable dessert, and told his wife, “It’d taste better if chopped walnuts were added.”
Unfortunately, the latest monthly report of OPEC indicated continuous increase in crude oil production volume in July. Saudi Arabia even reached in a record height in terms of production volume.
This report couldn’t help but trigger market suspicion over OPEC’s credibility. The path toward recovery in oil prices is still difficult.
On Monday, Qatar's Energy Minister Mohammed Bin Saleh Al-Sada who holds OPEC’s rotating presidency said that OPEC will hold an unofficial meeting during the International Energy Foundation conference which will be held between September 26 and 28.
OPEC’s monthly report published on Wednesday showed that OPEC’s total output (including Gabon) in July rose by 46,000 barrels/day to 33.11 million barrels/day.
OPEC expressed in its monthly report that the low price of crude oil has encouraged more refineries around the world to produce more refined oil products, worsening the issue of excessive supply in the market.
This news, coupled with the US raising its crude oil production forecast and unexpected increase in crude oil stockpiles has caused global oil prices to fall for two consecutive days.
The price of light crude oil futures for delivery in September closed 2.48% lower on the New York Mercantile Exchange as of Wednesday, while the price of Brent crude oil futures for delivery in October fell 2.07%.
Reuters believe that the proposed conference of the petroleum producing countries is unlikely to order significant reduction in production. Data published by the US Energy Information Administration also cooled the market.
Fars, the official media company of Iran, quoted Iranian Minister of Petroleum Zanganeh who said that the maximum crude oil production of Iran will be 3.85 million barrels per day, the highest volume since 2008.
Once information for the meeting has been released, Novak, the Russian Minister of Energy, expressed that under current oil prices, there is no need to initiate a new round of negotiations regarding frozen assets.
The last time oil producing naitons convened a meeting was in April. OPEC members failed to reach an agreement on any measure.
BMI Research Oil and Gas Analyst Emma Richards said that the market and the media may have over-reacted to the meeting OPEC is about to convene.
Helima Croft, Top Commodities Strategist of Royal Bank of Canada, expressed that OPEC has released signals that they would be reaching an agreement to transform the mood of the market.
This method was like smoke and mirrors to divert people's attention (deliberately giving people the wrong impression).
Eugen Weinberg, Head of Commodity Research at Commerzbank AG, said that people believe that there is a low possibility for OPEC to use the September meeting to stabilize the market.
This might further disrupt market confidence for OPEC as this organization has “cried wolf” before.
Various areas shall focus random inspection efforts on healthcare institutions that have posted illegal medical advertisements, received a large number of complaints, or subject to multiple penalties in the past.
The National Health and Family Planning Commission and State Administration of Traditional Chinese Medicine shall supervise, when required, the implementation of project monitoring and inspection for a number of provinces.
Media revealed that the deluge of capital that swamped online health care resulted in the severe product homogeneity problem we see today. The investment boom is waning gradually. Capital has entered a wait-and-see period.
Figures from Hong Kong Ailibi Hospital Management Research Center revealed that many online health care companies close down within the first year of incorporation; approximately 20% of newly founded online health care enterprises no longer exist.
However, while most Internet health care companies were struggling to choose between Series A or Series B financing, a number of leading companies in specialized sectors were still able to attract capital.
It seems that “rushing headlong” into the Industry healthcare sector is not the wisest option. One must accurately assess market requirements, be patient, and improve the professionalism and depth of services provided.
Yuyue contributed 12.0000 million dollars, comprising 40% of the registered capital, while Jointown Pharmaceutical provided 18.0000 million dollars for 60% of the registered capital.
In recent years, thanks to national policy support in terms of medical informatization, electronic and integrated supply chain management systems have been gradually introduced into different classes of hospitals.
The partnership between Yuyue and Jointown Pharmaceutical aims at meeting market demands and helping hospital establish an advanced supply chain management system. The partnership is also an opportunity to seek additional partnerships.
Unlike many Internet health care companies obsessed with scale and extensive coverage, iBaby focused on the vertical industry of obstetrics from the very beginning, channeling their efforts toward supporting both pregnant mothers and their physicians.
Pregnant mothers can receive 24-hours one-on-one consultation with a specialist physician for free. They can also pay for personal consultation with a specified physician.
At the doctors’ end, iBaby has broken down regional restrictions by way of organizing experts to carry out webinars, peer exchanges, case discussions and other mini-seminars.
Currently, three segments have been set up at the doctor’s end, namely, continuing education for doctors, social networking for doctors, and help for doctors.
The contents provided include online learning, medical case studies, and academic exchange; social networking platform between physicians of the same hospital or same departments; and doctor-patient relationships or legal assistance necessary for personal lifestyles, entrepreneurship support, and other services.
Media report that CEO Wang Lei expressed that Alibaba Health is “willing to settle down” and takeover the Big Data analytics for health.
Online businesses and data companies lack professionalism, and were unable to achieve uniformity in the terminologies of identical keywords.
Alibaba has structured its presence in the health care industry into three segments, namely Alibaba Health, Tmall Pharmacy, and Alipay's Future Hospital.
Wang Lei disclosed that starting a medical healthcare company is more challenging when compared to other sectors. “This is not just about making money. You must be patient and get used to loneliness to do this properly.”
Staying up all night to watch the Olympics makes one prone to heart damage
The Olympic games in Brazil are currently all the rage. Even though many of the games are broadcast during midnight hours in China, many fellow citizens will stay up all night to watch these games.
For this, doctors specifically mind people that staying up all night to watch TV sports events may be potentially hazardous to health and could lead to cardiovascular diseases.
For people staying up late into the night, the hormone will be secreted in large volumes, keeping one energized and in a state of alertness. However, such people won't be able to rest properly and are prone to vasoconstriction, increased blood pressure, and tendency to suffer from cardiovascular diseases.
Han Zhiyuan issued a special reminder to groups with high blood pressure, high blood sugar, high cholesterol, a smoking habit, a family medical history and other cardiovascular risk factors that if they stay up late, they would easily trigger cardiovascular illness.
Staying up late over a long period of time will not only affect one’s cardiovascular function but also one’s gastrointestinal function, immune system and neuroendocrine system; even the risk of getting cancer will increase.
For fellow senior citizens, Han Zhiyuan recommend avoiding staying up all night to watch the Olympics, especially those who have a history of cardiovascular diseases.
During the previous “FIFA World Cup”, Han Zhiyuan saw a patient in his sixties who suffered a heart attack for staying up late to watch the matches.
Han Zhiyuan said that since the beginning of this year, the department has admitted a number of patients aged 25 years or so with myocardial infraction or stroke. This, to a very large extent, was the result of a lifestyle of staying up late over long periods.
1. Do not stay up every night. People can stay up once in a while to watch their favorite sports event, but try waiting for the second day replay for other events.
2. When staying up late at night, drink enough water and eat lots of fruits to prevent the clogging of blood vessels and to enhance systemic immunity.
In August 12, Beijing time, the Chinese veteran Du Li won a bronze medal after completing 2016 Rio Olympics women’s 50 metre rifle three positions finals.
Du Li has become a four Olympic Game veteran, having won a total of four medals - two gold, one silver and one bronze - in the four Games.
In 1998, she joined the Shandong Province shooting team, and underwent professional training in shooting under the guidance of coach Wang Dewen.
In June 2003, she took part in the Shooting  World Cup women’s 10-meter air rifle standing event in Croatia, and set a world record of 504.9.
In August 2004, she won the gold medal for the women’s 10-meter air rifle competition, and claimed the first gold medal for China at the Athens Olympic Games.
Won the Gold Metal by 690.3 total shots in the 50 meter rifle three positions.
After experiencing a defeat at the London Olympics in August 2012, Du Li submitted a temporary resignation application to the International Shooting Sport Federation.
In January 2015, Du Li announced that she will be reporting to the national team for training and prepare for the Rio Olympics.
The qualifying rounds of the Rio Olympics were concluded in March 2016. After an eight-year hiatus, she regained the opportunity to join the women’s 10-metre air rifle event in the Olympics.
During the 10-meter air rifle competition at the Rio Olympics on August 6, 2016, Du Li won a silver medal with 207 points.
Won the Bronze Metal in the woman 50 meter rifle three positions in the Rio Olympic Games on Aug. 12, 2016
This film is expected to be broadcast on CCTV and LeTV at the beginning of next year, and a VR panoramic documentary edition will be launched for the first time.
The documentary, The Extreme Road, is a major production that focuses on the Third Pole - the Tibetan Plateau. It gives an account of the blending of Tibetan traditions with modernity as well as Tibet’s interaction with the world from a totally new perspective.
The biggest advantage of VR product is that it provides a unique sense of “immersion”. However, this also imposed higher requirements for the video recording process.
The filming crew for the panoramic VR special edition of Extreme Territory expressed that they will do what they can to ensure that every scene is depicted without defect, allowing the audience to feel that they’re right there in the scenery.
On August 11, military police of the Shandong Yantai Detachment organized a special operations sniper who braved high temperatures of 34 degrees at Kunlunshan to initiate jungle training.
During the Cold War, the Soviet Union deployed missiles to Cuba, and almost triggered a nuclear war with the US.
This event was regarded as the zenith of the Cold War, and was known in history as the “Cuban missile crisis”.
What was little known was that during the Cold War, a strong solar storm almost sparked a nuclear war between the US and the Soviet Union. This was only publicly disclosed by researchers for the first time on August 9.
On May 23, 1967, a powerful solar storm caused severe disruptions to a North Pole radar station and radio communications of the US military.
This radar is part of the US ballistic missile early warning system, and is used to monitor Soviet missiles.
This thesis, completed by researchers at the University of Colorado, interviewed US military personnel who took part in forecasting and analyzing the sun’s activities at the time, as well as consulted unclassified documents.
The article said the U.S. Air Force kept fighters loaded with nuclear warhead patrolling in the air in 1960s to prevent any sudden nuclear war waged by the U.S.S.R
The US military commander was unaware that the interference was caused by a solar storm and not the Soviet Union, and thus gave orders for all military aircraft to enter combat status.
Fortunately, the potential military conflict was avoided by the study of solar activity and its electromagnetic interference to earth conducted by U.S.army from the end of 1950s.
He then compiled the information provided by the US Air Force Air Weather Service and submitted a detailed report.
The direct consequence of the solar storm is that the US military began viewing space weather as a key component of battle, and established a more powerful space weather early warning system.
A citizen whose car is obstructed by vehicle and is unable to contact the owner of the obstructing vehicle can use the “WeChat Move the Car” function to address the issue.
The Xi’an Traffic Police WeChat official account “Xi’an Jiaojing” released the “WeChat Move the Car” service since August 11.
Once the service was released, a fellow citizen whose car was obstructed by another vehicle and where the driver of the vehicle was not present, the citizen could use the “WeChat Move the Car” function to address the issue.
The new service firstly provides convenience and reduces administrative costs; secondly, it respects and protects public privacy of citizens; and finally, it offers services at any time of the day.
This can be operated independently and very conveniently by any citizen with WeChat. This method allows both parties in the vehicle moving issue to “meet” in a more amiable and light-hearted manner, alleviate issues of parking difficulties, and reduce public security incidents relating to vehicles.
On the other hand, for vehicle owners who refuse to move their vehicle, commit parking violations, or obstruct the passage of others, the Xi’an traffic control department expressed that the traffic police will adopt different measures and handle these incidents according to the actual state of the matter.
On August 9, over 10 young volunteers from Shangluo Electric Power Supply Company arrived at the Cultural Tourism Area of Dihua Town in Danfeng County to initiate the “Powering the Romantic Old Town” program and to celebrate the Double Seven Festival of China.
The Danfeng County company of Shangluo Power Supply Company incorporated ideological progress, and enthusiastically carried out the “Ancient city rendezvous; love-filled power” and our holiday - Chinese Valentine’s Day activities.
Company employees who participated in the event expressed: “We often spend most of our time in work and learning, and lack the time to socialize with our colleagues and friends on the platform.”
“I really liked the relaxing, enjoyable, and harmonious platform the company provided us this time. It was meaningful and interesting at the same time.”
The Double Seven event was positively reviewed by young workers at the venue and they hope that the company will hold other similar events in the future where they can strengthen their communication and dialog skills with other fellow youths.
Nadal, the renowned Spanish superstar who won the gold medal in men’s single in the Beijing Olympics, defeated his opponent in the men's single today with a two-match victory and entered the top-8, and reached the finals in the men's double.
Career Golden Slam winner Nadal has a preferential love for the Olympics. Still injured, he participated in three events, and reaped significant gains.
He and his teammate López will be facing the Romanian players Tecău and Mergea in the men's doubles.
The women’s individual event at the Rio Olympics was affected by the withdrawal of many seeded players. After days of intense competition, the last four women for the individual event were determined on the 11th.
Kvitová and Puig will compete for a place in the finals, while Keys and Kerber will play each other for the other finalist spot.
The top-4 teams of the women’s doubles have emerged. The Semi-finals will be played by Hingis / Bacsinszky versus Hradecká / Hlaváčková and Makarova / Vesnina versus Strýcová / Šafářová.
The mixed doubles event held today also produced the last eight teams. However, top seeds Mahut/Garcia lost, and Nadal’s team withdrew. making the mixed doubles event somewhat lackluster.
On April 27, 2015, the US and Japan jointly announced the new Guidelines for U.S.-Japan Defense Cooperation in New York, allowing Japan’s defense forces to play a more offensive role in the world.
This was US Secretary of Defense Ash Carter, US Secretary of State John Kerry, Japanese Minister for Foreign Affairs Fumio Kishida, and Japanese Defense Minister Gen Nakatani attending a press conference in New York.
This is the fifth evaluation report released by a private think tank in China on Japanese military power, and the fourth report released in the English language.
The report is divided into 9 chapters, comprising: overall policy adjustments, military power, national defense budget, military deployment, weapons and equipment, organizational reforms, military exercises, security partnerships with other countries, and military security relations with China.
The report claimed that 2015 was the final year in the process of major policy adjustments in national security of Abe’s government.
Since then, Japan’s measures in security primarily focus on the operational level such as using the law, realizing their strategies, and enforcing their policies, and does not include large scale adjustments or changes to their framework, mechanism, or policy.
The report emphasized that with the three breakthroughs,  Abe cabinet attempted to driving the " Normal-nationalized"  of Japan, enabling the JSDF to be involved in international security affairs, enhancing Japan-U.S alliances to prevent against and restrict China.
The China Strategy Culture Promotion Association have published Japanese military force assessment reports on June 5th 2012, July 19th 2013, July 23rd 2014, and June 30th 2015.
The Financial Times (UK) published a collection of photos on the official residence of the US Ambassador to China on August 12.
According to the article, in stark contrast, the official abode of US officials can be used as a safe house for a movie based on John le Carré’s cold war spy novel.
The official residence is gray in color, and is surrounded by protective fences, a second layer of inner walls, barbed wire, and vehicle barriers to provide a multiple layers of defense.
Making up for shortcomings of public sporting facilities
The dark and sooty warehouse of the coal mine has become a “verdant’ soccer field, and the red brick factory with the pointed top, a modern gymnasium.
The mysterious veil over the Nanluomaying Sports Cultural Park outside Wangjiang Gate of Hangzhou was lifted on National Fitness Day.
This used to be a coal mine, and was left idle after it closed down more than 10 years ago. What remained were numerous illegal buildings and domestic waste.
Renovations created the athletic cultural park that will be  formally opened to public visitors in November, providing fellow citizens with a place to exercise. This has undoubtedly heralded a new place for total public participation in athleticism.
One could not help but recall Hangzhou Chen Jinglun Sport School. This “Huangpu Military Academy” of the Chinese swimming world has produced many world champions.
New famous athletes are constantly generated in the swimming pool, providing a lively demonstration of the relationship between the competitive sport and public athleticism. A large base of participating public provide an excellent condition for selecting professional athletes.
The level of competitive sports is closely linked to public athleticism. Competitive sports, to some degree, is determined by public athleticism, and public athleticism is itself determined by the quality of sporting venues.
According to reports, although the average sports venue area per capita in our country as of the end of 2015 was 150 times of that at the founding of the New China, the current figure is still way behind leading athletic nations.
In June this year, the State Council of the People's Republic of China released the National Fitness Program (2016-2020) to establish the development of public athleticism as a priority.
To compensate for this defect, relevant departments must fully consider the layout of the sports hall during urban planning.
On the one hand, the public sports stadium has been built, including sports stadiums in entities such as schools. The scope should be expanded to the fullest extent possible, and utilization rates raised as much as possible.
The Rio Olympics is currently all the rage, and has inspired public passion for sports as well as awakened the people’s desire to participate in athletic activities.
Gilead wins attorney fees in its hepatitis C patent battle against Merck
A US District Court judge ruled that Gilead Sciences Inc was entitled to receive legal fees it incurred in the hepatitis C patent litigation with pharmaceutical company Merck & Co Inc.
In June, after discovering illegal activities committed by Merck, including false testimony and other unethical behaviors, the American judge ruled that Gilead is exempt from a 200 million USD compensation claim by Merck who charged that Gilead has infringed its two patents through sales of its popular drug sofosbuvir and harvoni.
During court proceedings on Thursday, US District Judge Beth Labson Freeman expressed that Gilead is not required to pay for expenses it incurred to defend its claims.
Merck is attempting to catch up with Gilead which has dominated the new generation hepatitis C pharmaceutical market. Gilead’s drug can treat more than 90% of hepatitis patients.
The case could be traced back to 2013 at the earliest when both Gilead and Merck charged each other. Both claimed themselves to be the owner of the lab work for sofosbuvir, the active ingredient in Gilead’s pharmaceutical product.
US-backed troops announced that they have recaptured Manbij from ISIS
A military spokesperson expressed on Friday that the remaining Islamic State fighters have completely withdrawn. US-backed forces have gained complete control over the northern city of Manbij near the Turkish border.
Now that radicals hiding in the city have left, the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) are conducting a crackdown of the entire city.
Sharfan Darwish of the Manbij Military Council of the Syrian Democratic Forces told Reuters that they have rescued over 2,000 civilians who were abducted by extremists.
He told Reuters: “The entirety of Manbij is currently under our control, but we’re still implementing sweeps.”
The Clintons have an income of 10.75 million USD for 2015, and paid a Federal Tax of 34.2%.
On Friday, Hillary Clinton disclosed her tax returns of 2015. The document showed that the Democratic Party Presidential Candidate and her husband received an income of 10.75 million USD in 2015, and paid a federal tax of 34.2%.
In 2015, the Clintons gave 1 million US dollars as charitable donations, most of which were donated to The Clinton Foundation. Former President Bill Clinton’s speech fees amounted to nearly 5.30 million dollars, while the former Secretary of State received an income of 3.00 million dollars from the publisher Simon & Schuster for her book about her job at the Department of State.
Clinton’s running mate, US Senator from Virginia Tim Kaine and his wife Anne Holton, publicly disclosed their tax returns for the last 10 years.
The two paid 20.3% Federal tax in 2015.
Clinton’s running mate Jennifer Palmieri expressed in another statement: Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine shall continue to serve as beacons of financial transparency.”
In contrast, Donald Trump has used fake excuses as a cover up, and retracted his previous promise to release his tax returns.
Although not legally required, it is customary for US presidential candidates to disclose their tax returns to the public.
As a New York businessman, Trump and his lawyer have used the audit by the US Internal Revenue Service as an excuse to refuse to publicly disclose his tax returns.
Clinton's campaign staff Ian Sams expressed on Twitter that the people should decide, and provided links to the tax returns of the Democratic Party presidential candidate.
On Thursday, Michael Cohen, special legal counsel to Donald Trump, told the CNN that he will not allow Trump to disclose his tax returns before the audit is completed.
People who criticize Trump include the 2012 Republican Party presidential candidate Mitt Romney and other Republicans who expressed that Trump’s refusal to publish his tax returns will lead to doubts regarding his net assets, charitable donations, business transaction, and other relationships, including his relationship with Russia.
Clinton took aim at this issue, and released an online video on Friday, highlighting high-profile Democrats urging Trump to publicly release his tax returns.
In Michigan State on Thursday, she mentioned this issue in a speech on economic policy.
She told the people: “For decades, he has refused to publish his tax returns as other presidential candidates had done before him.”
Politico reported that Trump paid virtually no tax for two years in the 1990s. New York Times business columnists quoted many tax lawyers and accountants on Friday. They said that this may well be the case at this time.
Federal tax has become a major issue for presidential elections.
Clinton named a rule after billionaire Warren Buffett, which ensured that a minimum tax rate of 30% will be applied on people who earned more than US$1 million in income.
President Obama also supported this proposal.
Last week, Clinton held a gathering at Omaha, Nebraska, the home of Berkshire Hathaway Inc. At the gathering, Warren Buffett asked for a meeting with Trump and to exchange tax returns.
Buffet said that he is also being audited by the IRS at this time. What Trump is “afraid of” is not the tax authorities but voters.
The earliest tax return Clinton’s election team disclosed was that of 2007.
The Clintons, who now live in Chappaqua, New York, paid an average Federal tax rate of approximately 32%, and a combined tax rate of about 40.5% between 2007 and 2014.
Tax returns of the Clintons in 2015 showed that, unlike most Americans, they only received a salary of only 100 US dollars.
Their primary investment is in a low-cost index fund, and the dividend and interest income Mr and Mrs Clinton received amounted to US$109,000.
Reported by Kevin Zobott and edited by Jonathan Otis
Jewish filmmaker criticizes Berlin hotel for removing Israel’s dial code upon “request” by an Arab guest - Reuters
A French filmmaker of Jewish origin told the media that the Kempinski Hotel in Berlin did not list Israel’s dial code, and a hotel employee said that this was in accordance with a “request” made by an Arab customer. This triggered a public outcry.
Claude Lanzmann, the author of Shoah, a documentary film about the Jewish Holocaust, expressed his disappointment in Kempinski hotel and wrote an open letter that was posted on the German newspaper Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung.
When he last checked-in, Lanzmann wanted to find Israel in the list of telephone dialing codes provided by the hotel.
But Israel is not in the country list available for in-room direct dialing
How did Israel disappeared from the 2016 German capital of Berlin?
Lanzmann wrote.
In replacement, guests can now use the Kempinski Hotel call center to make a call to Israel.
To search for an explanation, this film producer asked the hotel receptionist.
Lanzmann wrote in the letter that the answer he got at the front desk was " shocking".
Hotel staff expressed that “this was a deliberate decision made by the management of Kempinski Hotel”.
The reason for doing that was to infuriate the filmmaker.
Lanzmann quoted what this employee said, “The majority of our guests are Arabs and they demanded Israel’s code to be deleted.”
According to the Süddeutsche Zeitung, the Israeli ambassador to Germany, Yakov Hadas-Handelsman, treated this event as a “great shame”.
We were shocked when we found out about this.
This is a huge shame in itself.
The incident that occurred in Germany and the franchise hotel was shameless.
This matter does not require further explanations.
“We hope that this Hotel can provide an accurate conclusion,” the official expressed.
This matter triggered an intense debate on the Internet. Everyone thought it was scandalous.
Some people felt that the Kempinski Hotel “groveled” just to keep the Arab customer happy.
Another post said that the hotel is “shameless” and pointed out that the famous Kurfürstendamm that the establishment was located is next to a synagogue.
Der Spiegel reported that the hotel swiftly clarified all accusations. It claimed that it was all due to “negligence”, and “apologized” to Lanzmann.
Süddeutsche Zeitung quoted a Kempinski representative as saying, “There was never a direct order to remove Israel from the fast dial list.”
This paper also claimed that the dial code of Israel has been added to the list.
The police used tear gas and rubber bullets to disperse the protesting Brazilian students.
On Thursday, at São Paulo Brazil, students clashed with the police while protesting against the government over public educational system reform.
The police used tear gas and rubber bullets to disperse the protesters.
This incident was triggered by law enforcement officers attempting to disperse the students. Therefore, the police used rubber bullets and tear gas.
Hundreds of students took part in the protest to express their dissatisfaction with these plans.
To save funds, Governor Alckmin of the State of São Paulo made plans to shut down 100 public schools. A total of 300,000 students will be transferred elsewhere.
Some students who took part in the protest expressed their dissatisfaction with interim president Michel Temer by drawing graffiti on the wall.
Just a few days before the latest protest, the protesters took the to street in force to support President Dilma Rousseff who had been impeached by the Senate of the country.
Scottish cyclist Callum Skinner returns in glory after clinching gold in cycling
Last night at the Rio Olympic Velodrome, the Scottish cyclist Callum Skinner helped the UK 3-men team successfully defend their Olympic gold medal in the men’s team sprint that they had achieved during the 2012 London Olympics.
This 23-year-old cyclist from Glasgow replaced his fellow Scot - Sir Chris Hoy - and anchored the team. When young Skinner defeated the New Zealand team, the top title contender, and returned victorious, even this cycling legend was proud of him.
Four years ago, the UK team achieved astounding performance with Hoy receiving the fifth gold medal in his personal collection of six Olympic golds.
The UK team only placed sixth at the UCI Track Cycling World Championships held in London in March. Hoy retired after that. The UK team has since regained glory.
Between the Beijing Olympic Games and the London Olympic Games, the problem with the Great Britain team was in replacing Jamie Staff, the “first lap expert”.
The motorcade started doing so when Hinds appeared.
Hoy’s retirement also left a vacuum which Kian Emadi and Matt Crampton would like to fill.
After witnessing Skinner’s potential, the coach of the men’s team of the UK insisted upon making him a part of the national team. Skinner also lived up to the expectations.
Skinner’s partners are Hindes and Kenny who won the gold medal 4 years ago with Hoy. The 3 men broke the Olympic record in the qualifiers, but the achievement was surpassed in the first round by the New Zealand team.
These three English cyclists defeated their opponents ultimately and won the gold medal.
Although Hinds is slightly behind, Kenny was able to help the team gain a lead. Skinner maintained the lead all the way till the end.
A change in strategy was key to this reversal. Hindes chose a larger flywheel so that he could slow down, thus enabling Kenny, and Skinner, in particular, to keep pace.
When Hoey watched the game as the BBC commentator, Skinner, Kenny and Hindes saw him when ascending the podium.
23-year-old Glasgow cyclist Skinner said, “I’m extremely flattered.”
I’m doing what I can to establish my reputation.
We have set an Olympic record in the finals and defeated the world champions.
This is too unbelievable.
There is nothing better than this victory.
After Kenny and Hoy claimed gold medals at the 2012 London Olympic Games, Skinner admitted that he fell on the track on purpose because he started poorly.
He later retracted these comments. The opponents of the UK team were unable to press any charges.
And this victory did not have any of these issues.
Hindes said, “This is just like London. The podium was decked with Union Jacks.”
We only began forming our team 3 months ago.
We have already lost many world champions, so it is extremely surprising that we were able to defend this Olympic championship.
To the UK team that has seized a total of 7 out of 10 gold medals in cycling at the Beijing Olympics and London Olympics, this is just another competition and another gold they won.
If this symbolized the improvement we have gained over the last five months, then in the next five days, we will continue to achieve success in the velodrome.
According to the performance provided by Kenny, there is a still chance for him to win 3 golds in a single Olympics just as Hoy did previously.
If this is the case, Kenny, 12 years younger than Hoy, and born on the same day on March 23 (this day appears to be a sacred day for British sports as Steven Redgrave, Mo Farah and Roger Bannister were all born of the same day), will have six gold medals and one silver medal.
This result equaled Hoy’s.
Next, Kenny will take part in the 3-day sprint event which starts today.
This 28-year-old from Bolton said, “I will focus on this match for now.”
Team competition is still the best.
You can win this competition together with your teammate.
To be honest, a one-man victory does seem a little lonely.
Hindes said, “If he can clinch the other two gold medals, he will be knighted.”
This is the only competition of the day where any medals could be won. However, the UK team received other good news.
Sir Bradley Wiggins, Ed Clancy, Steven Burke, and Owain Doull successfully entered, with the fastest speeds, the four-men 4-kilometer team pursuit.
Their score was 351.943.
For the 2012 London Olympics, the gold medalist established a world record of 351.659.
Today as the second game day will witness the first round and the final ( 10:42pm) . Wiggins will no doubt be the focus in the field.
He had an argument with a competition official during the qualifiers. The official had asked him to measure his height at that time.
Laura Trott, Joanna Rowsell-Shand, Elinor Barker, and  Katie Archibald from Milngavie advanced in the women’s team event which will conclude tomorrow after setting a new world record of 413.260.
The British team leveraged the dominance of its strong track cycling team in the middle of the Olympics, and bagged numerous medals.
After the dominating wins during the Beijing and London Olympics, the performance of British bicycle team was a little bit disappointing in their journey toward the Rio Olympic.
A series of ups and downs occurred during this period, including the resignation of technical director Shane Sutton because of allegations of sexual discrimination and bullying, as well as the retirement of Hoy, Victoria Pendleton, and other legendary personalities.
However, the first evening of the competition at the bicycle stop demonstrated that the UK team will once again reach its legendary peak at the critical moment.
After a baby is born, parents must assume responsibility for this life. This responsibility does not merely concern the physical health of the child but also mental development, i.e. education.
Failing in children’s education is a loss in life and family that cannot be compensated by success in career-building.
When a life is born, the new parents must spend time and effort to take care and educate the child, and be responsible to it.
To become responsible, in addition to caring for the body, providing them with a healthy and spiritual education, the children are taught how to socialize properly, become responsible adults, and gain success.
Good family education means that parents must spend time with their children often and provide them with love, patient care, and teach them how to develop well-mannered speech and behavior, allowing children to achieve better learning and improvements to their mental skills.
Every saying and act of parents will influence the development of their child. The child will often mimic their parents, just like the traditional saying that goes: “A dragon gives birth to a dragon, a phoenix gives rise to a phoenix. A rat’s child will eventually learn to dig holes.” The child will take after its parents.
Parents must provide a good role model in front of their children, control their words and saying, and develop an excellent character of their own. All this can indirectly help build a positive personality in children and make them more successful.
Emmy is a smart and beautiful girl.
She has a outgoing and lively personality, and gets along well with her friends. She also adapts easily to the environment.
Amy had a tiny secret however: She was unable to focus on her studies and work.
This secret has accompanied Emmy for a while. Usually, the problems are not that serious.
Although she had to use study and work using scattered, modular time slots, she was able to complete her tasks and achieve great results.
However, when confronted with a heavy task and pressed for time, Amy would be in agony and feel tortured.
The purpose of an individual’s resistance toward self-disclosure and its emotional experience lies in preventing the individual’s self-awareness and self-esteem from being threatened.
Some behavioral psychologists interpret resistance as an individual’s defiance of efforts to correct his or her behavior.
I tried to have Emmy perform a training, using a breathing routine to relax and calm herself down in order to experience the pain.
Upon leaving the sense of being trapped, she could feel that she was more relaxed and regained her freedom.
Han, a 63-year old homeless individual, began arguing with Xiao, another homeless individual, and then drew a blade to stab the latter to death.
Han said that prior to the incident, he and the homeless person Xiao lived at the same alley in Dongcheng District. They were only 20 meters from each other.
Han said that during the day of the incident, both of them were invited by a friend for a drink. The two argued twice during the meal and after the meal.
Han said he was afraid that Xiao might hit him, so he picked up a paring knife and stabbed him to death.
During the court proceedings, the grieving family members demanded Han to pay a compensation amounting to over 530,000 RMB for the burial fees and death of the victim.
Uber has operated in Taiwan for 4 years, significantly impacting the traditional taxi industry in the region.
Taiwan’s United Daily News reported on August 12 that on the morning of the 12th, more than 100 taxis circled Taiwan's “Executive Yuan” as drivers staged a protest, severely paralyzing traffic in the surrounding area.
Taipei City Professional Drivers' Union President Cheng Li-chia said however that Uber has been in Taiwan for four years, but the Taiwanese authorities will only convene a meeting at the end of the month. Taxi drivers refuse to wait any longer.
However, the government failed to keep its promise, and delayed time and again.
Law-abiding taxi drivers are considered lower class workers, but they feel deceived by the government now that they have to compete with illegal and unrestricted Uber drivers.
Original title: A poultry farm with 2,000 chickens in Jiangsu seized by the legal court - farm owner given a penalty for unlicensed sales
Once the verdict enters into force, since Li is not obliged to verify the actions that he must perform according to law, Wang asked the court of Shuyang County to enforce the implementation of said actions.
In October 16, 2014, the court of Shuyang gave a civil verdict, and ruled to seize the 2,000 egg-laying hens in Li’s poultry farm. The chickens may not be transferred or sold without permission.
Upon receiving the verdict from the court, Li privately sold, without permission from the court of Shuyang, a number of egg hens from the poultry farm in question that formed part of the seized property.
During an inspection carried out by the Shuyang County Public Security Bureau on March 8, 2015, there were only 142 egg-laying hens in the chicken farm.
Reporters learned on August 12 that the Beijing Organising Committee for the 2022 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games announced that the Beijing Olympic Organising Committee will inherit the emblem, logo and other intellectual property rights of the Beijing Winter Olympic Games Bid Commitee.
Unless authorized by the Beijing Winter Olympics organizing committee, no one is allowed to use the logo or mark of the Beijing Winter Olympics application committee for any commercial purposes.
The head of the Department of Industry Coordination of the National Development and Reform Commission pointed out today that overcapacity in the steel industry was a global issue.
Production capacity utilization in our country is higher than that of the global average, and higher than those in the US and Europe.
Our country has taken definite and effective measures to address excess production capacity, and preliminary results are gradually emerging.
The person-in-charge pointed out that the State Council of the People's Republic of China has placed great importance upon the global issue of excessive steel and iron production capacity.
All departments and regions shall actively implement the plans of State Council, and work conscientiously to reduce crude steel production capacity by about 45 million tonnes this year.
From the perspective of domestic national conditions, China does not encourage steel exports. On the contrary, it has adopted a series of practical measures to control steel exports.
The person in charge emphasized that the international trade of steel products is essentially market behavior. It is triggered by demand from importing nations, as well as the voluntary choice of consumers after taking into consideration a number of factors such as the products’ price-performance ratio.
The implementation of protectionist measures will not help to fundamentally resolve the development issues of the global steel industry. Instead, this would only result in a further attack on international trade order.
When talking about the debt, the person-in-charge emphasized that the key for resolving the debt issue is to properly take care of excessive production capacity.
As steel enterprises have massive assets, and cover a broad spectrum, the debt relationships of some of these enterprises are complicated. If handled inappropriately, regional risk could result.
The person in charge described that recent increase in economic pressures have led to weakening of overall demands from the society. Production capacity utilization for a number of industries have decreased, increasing the difficulties for corporate production and operations.
Some enterprises were unable to adapt to changes in the market environment. Business operations became unsustainable, and were even on the brink of collapse. Constrained by institutional mechanisms however, there were more hindrances to market-oriented exits, resulting in “zombie enterprises”.
The existence of such enterprises distorted market signals, lowered the utilization rate of factor resources, increased the cost of public administration, and hindered the building of a fair and competitive market environment.
The major reason for the losses is similar to the difficulty confronting the global steel industry - market demand is sluggish and capacity utilization rates are low.
Our nation mainly adopts a market mechanism, economic means and the rule of law. The government is primarily focused on carrying out various aspects of worker resettlement and social stability, ensuring fair and just market order.
The person in charge emphasized that the next step forward would be to steadfastly continue to eliminate excess production capacity, and to ensure that the goal of removing 100 million to 150 million tonnes of crude steel capacity in five years would be achieved.
In the afternoon of the 10th, the Chinese tourist police appeared on the Red Square of Moscow, attracting the attention of the public. Surprised Chinese tourists waved at them while locals and other foreign tourists stopped by to take a look.
The first tourist police squad from Shanya Police Department, Hainan Province arrived the Red Square of Moscow for exchange with the local tourist police.
The Moscow tourist police is divided into 3 teams to patrol destinations such as the Red Square, Nikolsky Boulevard, and GUM department store. The Chinese tourist police follow them along these patrols to learn about their tasks and duties. The entire process continued for more than an hour.
Female police officer Liu Xinie is in her 20s, and fluent in English and Spanish. She joined the tourism police force least year.
Along the way, he carefully observed every word and act of his Russian travel mate and held conversations with her every now and then.
What impressed Wang Bing the most was that the Moscow peers was able to respond in fluent Spanish to the inquired Spanish tourists.
“Every member of the Moscow tourism police is able to speak a foreign language, sometimes two. We are very impressed by this.”
“As an International Tourism Island, Hainan is gradually prioritizing its focus es on attracting overseas tourists. We hope to improve our potential to match the status of an International Tourism Island.”
Before initiating the shadow learning session, the Chinese tourist police also had a dialog with their Russian compatriots at the Moscow tourist police base.
“I often talk with Chinese tourists, and I feel very happy to see them visiting Russia.”
“The most frequently asked questions are: How do you get there? Where is such and such a monument? How do you hail a cab? How do I return to the hotel?”
Lysakov, the Capitan of Tourist Policy said, Moscow has been attracting more foreign tourists in recent years thanks to the improving urban environment and tourism condition.
To meet the needs of tourism development, a tourist police team has been established in July 2014. The team shall patrol major destinations to provide assistance to tourists and provide crowd control.
Currently, all Moscow tourism police officers are fluent English speakers; some have even mastered Spanish and German.
Police headquarters divided them into nine teams according to their language skills. They attended two classes per week, and learned self-defense, the law, and foreign languages.
“Currently, two tourism police officers have begun to learn Chinese, and are quite good at it. We still have to continue to raise their Chinese language standards,” said Lysakov.
lysakov told the reporter that since its establishment, the Moscow tourism police form has gained a certain degree of experience that may be useful for fellow police officers at Sanya.
He believes that collaboration of Russian and Chinese police departments will help improve the sense of safety of citizens visiting the other country as tourists.
“The staff recruitment, policing model and equipment of the Moscow tourism police, as well as the positive interaction with tourists have inspired us significantly,” said Chen Xiaokun.
China News Service reporter compiled the facts and found that enforcement rules for the residence permit have been established in 9 provinces and cities, namely: Hebei, Jilin, Tianjin, Jiangxi, Sichuan, Hainan, Gansu, Fujian, and Beijing.
As regards the conditions for applying for a residence permit, the above regions generally state that a person has to stay for more than half a year, comply with one of the conditions of having legal and stable employment, legal and stable residence, and continuous study.
China News Service reporters noticed that benefits that came with a residence permit differ in terms of “value” from place to place. Compared to the provisions stipulated in the national version, the scope of public services and conveniences provided by some regions has been extended.
These regions have added the convenience of allowing children who meet relevant terms and conditions to take part in college entrance exams.
Moreover, Beijing and many other cities decided to expand public services progressively with regular public announcement.
For instance, as proposed by Fujian, an announcement should be made to the public at least once every three years as regards the scope of public services and conveniences enjoyed by persons holding residence permits.
The Interim Regulation on Residence Permits stipulate that an individual who meets the criteria for applying for a residence permit, the police department shall, within 15 days after accepting the application, prepare and issue the residence permit.
As to the release time, most areas will follow the national regulation, namely, in 15 workdays.
Hebei clearly states that any individual who fulfills the criteria and provides the required documents, the local police station of the place of residence shall issue a residence permit within 3 days after the applications were accepted.
The regulations of Jiangxi stipulated that for those who fulfill the conditions for receiving a residence permit and have provided all evidentiary documents, the local police station must prepare and issue a residence permit within 5 working days after accepting the application.
According to the Provisional Regulations of Residence Permit, the applicants for the permit will be free of administrative fee in the above-mentioned areas.
For instance, Sichuan Province requested that local police stations or authorized community service organizations should rigorously implement approved charges and tariffs, firmly forbidding tariffs or fares that exceeded their range or standard.
Upon investigation, the former Ganzhou City Dingnan County Party Committee Secretary Chen Yangxia reported for work at the Provincial Commission for Discipline Inspection on July 27, 2016, assuming the role of director of the Office for Supervising Party and Political Conduct (deputy director-general grade with a one-year probation period).
The wine for the dinner was provided by Li Youtai, other cost was taken by Liu.
The Commission for Discipline Inspection of Jiangxi Province reported that Chen Yangxia, Cheng Ziliang and others organized and accepted invitations to dinner (extended as a bribe) at private clubs, in breach of the spirit of the CPC Central Committee's Eight Provisions, and violated Party discipline.
Pogba received two yellow cards in the Coppa Italia, and was therefore barred from one game according to the regulations.
Although he has returned to the English Premier League, the Football Association has enforced the accumulated bans and extended it to the League games.
As a result, at the away match at Bournemouth on August 14, Pogba will watch from the stands. His return debut to Manchester United will be delayed to the 20th when the club plays Southampton at home.
As the 12th new player in the first round of 2014, Šarić will be formally entering the NBA with the Philadelphia 76ers in the next season.
As a young European basketball player, many fans were unfamiliar with Šarić but after this Olympic Games, it is believed that his performance would leave an indelible impression on everyone.
In last match where Croatia narrowly defeated Spain, Šarić successfully blocked Pau Gasol’s attempt at the last minute, taking the match into an overtime shootout.
Brett Brown, head coach of the 76ers, recently gave a great review for Šarić. The coach who had served the Spurs before believed that he saw in Šarić the shadow of a younger Manu Ginóbili.
Clearly, Šarić has already displayed his gift, and the 76ers are expecting many things from him.
In Croatia’s first two matches at the Olympic Games, Šarić had a total of 24 points, 17 rebounds and 12 assists.
In the first half of the game, Šarić demonstrated his ability to capitalize on isolation. Once his teammates sets a screen, he would be able to score a shot outside the 3-point line.
Although the 76ers has enough talent and young insiders, they are lack of the outline performance as good as Saric.
Few insider player is able to block, start long-pass and fast-break and assist in the current NBA arena.
Since the beginning of this Olympics, Šarić achieved 13 points, 8 rebounds, and 5 assists in 3 games, giving a well-rounded performance.
Since having decided to return to the Cavaliers in the summer of 2014, James has signed two consecutive 1+1 contracts.
With the NBA labor agreement entering its final year, James, the First Vice President of the National Basketball Players Association, will find himself at the forefront of the labor agreement negotiation.
NBA revenues rose sharply thanks to the new TV broadcast agreement, and the battle between owners and players over the application of the proceeds. Outsiders were afraid that the NBA would experience a lockout next summer.
To James, he no longer has to worry about becoming a free agent for next Summer because he has signed a 3-year contract with the Cavaliers.
Regardless of when the 2017-18 season will officially begin, James will be under contract.
Since it was first revealed, iPhoneSE has initiated a massive hype and a sudden trend for small screen devices for the cellphone market.
Not too long ago, Nubia also released its flagship product for the Z11 series: Nubia Z11 mini.
The nubiaZ11min inherited its customary excellent photographic gene. Equipped with a single hand easy-to-hold 5-inch screen as well as a convenient and easy-to-use fingerprint identification setup at the back, its user experience is outstanding.
The nubia Z11 mini, a small screen camera phone that has just been released, is provided with another 200 RMB discount, reducing its price from 1,499 RMB to 1,299 RMB.
For the exterior design, nubiaZ11mini has a 5'' 1080P screen with the signature small red ring at the front bottom.
The middle axis is made of metal material. A symmetrical design is used for the bottom, and a Type-C data interface has been installed.
Future of Portland smelter uncertain with cancellation of power supply contract
The power company supply power to the plants disclosed that the owner of the plant will be terminating a supplier contract, an act that would lead to termination of all supplier contracts. The Portland Aluminum Smelter plant in Victoria and hundreds of workers currently face an uncertain future.
This measure was enacted after the government of Victoria decided to stop issuing subsidies that help keep the plants in business.
This 20-year fixed subsidy will end in November.
The 2,000 workers at the Portland plant of Alcoa Corporation may lose their jobs.
Once the factory shuts down, up to 2,000 people may find themselves directly or indirectly out of a job.
As total energy use of this plant makes up 10% of total power output of Victoria, it is unlikely that it would generate a chain reaction.
Alcoa Corporation shut down the Point Henry aluminum plant in 2014, which led to the shutdown of the Anglesey power station last year.
Alcoa’s Portland smelting plant is now loss-making and is at risk of closing down.
This measure was implemented after making predictions on the near future of the factory. The initial reason was the appreciation of the Australian Dollar. The recent reason is the price of the factory products.
AGL made use of the Latrobe Valley Loy Yang power plant to supply electrical power to this large aluminum smelting facility. This company also expects 3 owners of the factory to terminate the contract in the future.
The largest shareholder is a joint venture formed by Alcoa Corporation and Alox Company. CITIC Group from China and Marubeni Corporation from Japan also holds a small percentage of the shares.
The joint venture expressed: “AGL expects the Portland facility to continue operations. In other words, this smelting plant shall continue to demand electrical power.”
AGL said that these contracts were “hedging contracts” that should have become effective on November 2016.
The contract has a termination period of 12 months, and thus will be terminated in 2017.
The power company said, “As such, AGL still predicts these contracts to continue to produce revenue in fiscal year 2017.”
For the fiscal year of 2018, any impact to revenue that may be generated for AGL is currently affected by the optimistic prospects held by the futures market regarding the prices of wholesale electricity.
AGL expressed that the company has down-written a contract value of 187 million USD for “expected event of termination”.
Alcoa said that the decision to terminate the contracts ”does not affect Alcoa’s ability to operate the smelter or secure electricity supply to the smelter”.
This American company expressed that they have signed a 20-year contract with Loy Yang in 2010. This contract was supposed to enter into force in November this year, but this company did not explain why it chose to withdraw.
Analysts remain circumspect with respect to the closure of the Portland Foundry at Victoria and Tomago plant in Newcastle as a result of the bad economy.
According to comments published earlier this week by analysts, AGL’s head of operations Stephen Mikkelsen expressed that annual power consumption of the Portland plant amounted to about 600 megawatt, while that of the Tomago plant was at about 900 megawatt.
If two factories close down, demand in the electricity market will fall significantly.
He expressed that: “As a power company, this is not good news to us.”
Community Legal Centres turn away 160,000 people each year
Every year, over 160,000 of the most underprivileged groups have been denied access to the community legal center. This service is already facing the issue of inadequate funds. Now they must face an additional budget slash.
In Queensland, three in every five persons have been rejected when seeking free legal advice and representation services. Most of these were the elderly, migrants, vulnerable workers, victims of abuse, as well as people without resources opposing unfair expulsion.
The lack of funding for community legal services has long been stretched beyond limit. Now the fund must face additional budget slashes.
From June next year, the federal government will reduce funds provided to these legal centers by another 30%.
James Farrell, Director of Community Legal Centres Queensland, said that according to a National Association of Community Legal Centres survey, thousands are turned away every year.
Mr. Farrell expressed that if the federal government does not change the current decision, this situation will only get worse.
He said, “Queensland’s Community Legal Centers constantly suffers from inadequate funding. This implies that many are unable to receive important services they require.”
People such as those who must seek shelter from violence, who are unable to pay back their large debts, families facing the threat of disintegration, and abused workers face legal issues. This report showed that they were unable to receive the help they need.
With effect from June 2017, the Federal government will cut funding by another 30%, implying that thousands of vulnerable groups in Queensland would be forced to face complex legal issues without any help.
We call upon George Brandis, Attorney-General and senator representing Queensland, to revoke the decision for cutting back investments so that people can acquire the help they need to deal with legal issues.
The state government made a commitment last year to increase the legal aid fund to the national average.
Priority must now be placed on community legal centres and how they correspond to the needs of the community. The Palaszczuk government must also commit to this important task.
Donald Trump’s election campaign official sued for gun threat
New York: The head of the Northern California Asia section of Trump’s presidential campaign staff was charged in February for driving a jeep and pulling a gun at another personnel as well as subsequent inaction
Former software instructor Vincent Bordini of the election team of the state described the incident at the State Court in Charlotte on Wednesday.
Bodini said that he had hoped that this would be resolved internally, but a few months later, he realized that it “was not going to happen”.
Descriptions by Bordini, the person in charge named Earl Phillip “pulled out a pistol and placed the index finger of his right hand on the trigger, and pointed the gun at Vincent’s knee cap.”
After complaining to the leaders of parties running for the local and district elections, Bordini learned from the letter of complaint that at least 4 other individuals have experienced the same.
Bordini expressed in the complaint: “No shots fired does not mean that no injury is caused.”
Two days before the case occurred, this Republican presidential nominee told the crowd at North Carolina that if his rival Hillary Clinton were to be elected and get to pick her favorite judge, then “the people who support the Second Amendment”, that is, people who own guns and gun lowers may take action. This statement led to public outrage.
Trump’s election team said that the media has taken his comments out of context. He did not advocate violence.
In the complaint, Bordini demanded the campaign staff to provide compensation for their lack of supervision, and also demanded Phillip to compensate his injuries caused by his attack, battery, and psychological attack.
Trump’s spokesperson Hope Hicks did not give an immediate response to this news.
Philip cannot be contacted.
WCCB, a local news company at Charlotte, reported that Phillipp has recently left the campaign staff.
His consultation company, Innovative Consulting Services, did not immediately respond to incoming calls.
Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump’s campaign staff has been hit by a series of controversies.
The case refers to Bordini v. Donald J. Trump For President Inc., 16-CS-14300, General Court of Justice, Superior Court Division County of Mecklenburg (Charlotte).
Britain must channel the Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow Airport
Heathrow will also bring vitality and prosperity to our community, to London and to the whole country.
To me personally, this is where the charms of Heathrow lies. During the 2012 London Olympics, we did our best to ensure that our country and local district are able to benefit from these competitions.
The Olympic Games benefited Stratford Upon Avon and the eastern regions significantly.
In addition, we can benefit this region again by creating opportunities for local residents and enterprises near Heathrow.
For just our local community, we will create 10,000 openings for apprentices and 40,000 new job opportunities, resolving the issue of unemployment for youths around the airport.
As was the case before the 2012 London Olympic Games, some people felt that the Heathrow expansion project was too big.
I've been told that the UK will not be able to prepare properly for the Olympics and that we will be shaming ourselves before the entire world.
The doubts held by skeptics regarding the 2012 Olympics were misplaced. Also, their doubts regarding the Heathrow project will ultimate prove to be false.
Although there are obstacles that must be overcome, Heathrow is addressing every problem that it faces.
Just like the Olympics, Heathrow is a infrastructure project initiated for the majority of the people, and not the minority.
The expansion project will create up to 180,000 new jobs, result in economic growth amounting to GBP211 billion, and provide a wealth of technology and employment opportunities to the areas around the airport and the entire UK.
We have an outstanding Heathrow project team. The has completed this infrastructure investment project worth 11.0 billion pounds within schedule and budget. The project include completion of the T5 terminal that was ranked as the world’s best airport terminal for five consecutive years, and the T2 terminal located between the two of the world’s busiest runways.
At this time, they are prepared to privately invest GBP16 billion to build the third runway.
The UK successfully hosted the 2012 London Olympics, and I believe that the project to expand the Heathrow Airport will achieve resounding success as well.
This is a good time for us to convey the Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow Airport. This will allow us to safeguard our future and generate a wealth of technology and employment opportunities that the entirety of Britain can be proud of.
Lord Paul Deighton is the chairperson of Heathrow Airport and former Commercial Secretary to HM Treasury of the UK.
A woman committed suicide on a highway in Switzerland, and was run over and killed
The victims are lying on the highway during midnight.
This woman who attempted suicide was run over by multiple vehicles on the highway early Thursday morning. The police are looking for witnesses at this time.
The incident occurred in the early Thursday morning at Highway A1 near Morges at the canton of Vaud.
The police of Vaud canton expressed that a woman has, out of “despair”, laid on the highway and was crushed by multiple vehicles.
The victim was a 49-year-old Swiss woman. Her behavior was clearly suicidal. She was run over by multiple vehicles, including a truck.
The woman died on site.
The police expressed that multiple drivers involved in the incident have agreed to become part of the investigation progress, but a number of drivers has yet to confirm the request. The police encourages them and other witnesses of the accident to be part of the investigation.
Lawyer Gilles Hofstetter told Tribune de Genève that criminal investigations have been initiated at this time, a standard procedure for such incidents.
However, he is currently unaware if there are drivers who facing accusations.
Can a collision be avoided?
Hofstetter said, “This will be determined by the prosecutor.”
For two similar incidents that have occurred in the last 5 years, the drivers were not held responsible for this.
According to this report, both cases were caused by people walking on the highway late at night. The final verdict is that the driver cannot predict that there would be pedestrians walking past the highway in midnight.
Last year, a police officer was accused of causing death by negligence. The charge was that in August 2014, she hit a man on the A1 expressway near Payerne resulting in his death.
The court learned that the 22-year old victim walked across the highway after consuming alcohol.
After an investigation, the judge said that the female police officer’s driving behavior was completely legal at the time, and that the appearance of the man on the road was a “totally unexpected and unforeseen circumstance”. What’s more, this female police officer called the emergency services after the incident occurred.
Anyone who can provide information on the incident which occurred near Morges on Thursday should contact the police at 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 44.
NASA climate model: Venus used to be hospitable to humans
According to the predictions made by the latest climate model of NASA, Venus was once suitable for human habitation.
Scientists at NASA’s Goddard Space Flight Center developed a model that could explore past conditions of Venus. The tools and algorithms used by this model are very similar to those used by climate scientists.
This model is used to verify whether Venus, with its high surface temperature, lack of water, and an atmosphere filled with carbon dioxide, ever had an earth-like environment.
In the past, scientists thought that the reason for the slower rotation rate of Venus was because it had a thicker atmosphere.
However, the latest simulation indicated that Venus may have had a thinner atmosphere similar to that of Earth, and its rotation speed at the time was similarly slower.
This model can even display the landforms of early Venus.
There may be more dry areas on Venus than on Earth, but it used to have enough water and geographic changes to nurture life as well as to prevent rapid evaporation.
Earlier, the sun was 30% brighter on the surface of Earth than on Venus.
Anthony Del Genio, a scientist in the Goddard Institute for Space Studies explained in a press conference: “In the model simulation used by Goddard Institute for Space Studies, the slow rotation of Venus meant that one side of the planet has a day length of as long as 2 months.”
This makes the surface warm and produces rain that can form thick clouds, which are like an umbrella that blocks most of the heat from the sun.
The results of the simulation show that the average climatic temperature of Venus was actually several degrees lower than that of modern-day Earth.
The evolution of Venus as simulated by this model was similar to earlier estimates made by planetary scientists.
Although life could have existed on Venus, the planet has been exposed to excessively high temperatures and ultra-violet rays over the course of billions of years.
The ocean on the planet evaporated, and the water vapor was also burnt away by UV radiation.
As hydrogen escapes, what remains are the thicker CO2 atmosphere and lethal greenhouse gas effect, forming what we now know as Venus.
Researchers published new results of Venus weather simulation models on the journal of Geophysical Research Letters
Patrick Roy resigned from his position as the captain of the Colorado Avalanche.
Patrick Roy resigned from his position as head coach and vice-president of the Colorado Avalanche, and expressed that he had no voice in decision making for the team.
Colorado’s Executive Vice President & General Manager Joe Sakic confirmed the news, and said that the club will immediately start looking for a new coach.
50-year old Roy expressed in a statement: “For the last 3 years, I have been actively, passionately, and doggedly live up to my duties as the head coach and vice president of the Colorado Avalanche.”
I have been thinking seriously all summer how to improve this team so that they can become stronger.
In this regard, the objective of the head coach and the Vice President must be consistent with that of the club.
He must be given a voice when making decisions that impact team performance.
However, these conditions have yet to be met.
Sakic hired Roy on May 23, 2013, and thanked Roy for the contribution he made to the team.
Sarquiss said, “Patrick informed me of his decision today.”
I thank them for his contributions for the club and wish him success in the future.
Roy was nominated as the League’s best coach in the Jack Adams Award in the first season after becoming the avalanche coach in 2013-2014.
He helped the club score 112 points, allowing them to secure the top rank in the central region. However, the Colorado team was defeated and ousted by the Minnesotans in the first round of the post-season games, and continued to miss post-season games in the two most recent years.
During the 2015-2016 season, the performance of the Avalanche include 39 victories, 39 draws, and 4 defeats. The team lost the second wild card qualification short of 5 points for the Western Hockey League.
As the goalkeeper of the hall of fame, Roy has won 4 Stanley Cups, winning two of them while playing for the Montreal Canadiens and another two while playing for Avalanche.
North Sea oil field workers end strike, negotiations continue
The chief negotiations representative expressed that the North Sea Oil workers have stopped strikes regarding employee pay. Both parties have initiated a new round of negotiations for this dispute.
The North Sea oil platform operated by the Royal Dutch Shell has experienced multiple strikes directed against the oil field service company Wood Group.
According to a joint statement, “Wood Group, Unite, and RMT unions can verify that we have agreed to restart the process to address the current dispute.”
We will start earlier from next week onward. In the next few weeks, multiple full-day conferences will be held. These issues will be re-examined.
The union expressed that actions taken recently is to protest salary reduction that may reach as high as 30%. This is the first time in 25 years that the union has taken such an act.
Wood Group lowered the compensation of North Sea contractors by about 9% this year because of market pressure.
Prior to this salary reduction, this company has reduced remuneration paid for overseas contractors by 10%.
The company said that another salary cut would help tide the company over the market downturn.
Shell has laid off thousands of workers and announced that it will be shutting down oil and gas facilities and plants in 10 countries. This is because Shell is required to streamline its businesses after its merger with British Gas.
Energy companies are facing pressure from declining crude oil prices and the Brexit decision in June.
David Anderson, a member of the Scottish Parliament, said earlier this week that he met with union leaders to investigate the biggest North Sea labor dispute in this generation.
He said that the North Sea is extremely crucial to the region’s economy.
In this statement, Dave expressed: “In the North Sea and for the entire country, we need an economy that serves the majority, and not the minority.”
In 2016, expenditure for new North Sea projects are not expected to exceed US$1.4  billion. In the last five years, the average project expenditure was approximately US$7 billion.
Kepler measured the rotation speed of a star in the Pleiades star cluster
The latest mission of the Kepler space telescope allowed astronomers to collect the most comprehensive information on the rotation speed of stars in the Pleiades.
New data are helping astronomers understand why the stars of this cluster have different rotation rates, and the correlation between rotation cycles and the formation of planets.
Luisa Rebull, a research scientist at the Infrared Processing and Analysis Center of California Institute of Technology at Pasadena, expressed in this press conference, “We hope to compare our results with other star clusters to gain further understanding of the mass and age of the stars, and even their relationship with the history of the solar system.”
The Pleiades star cluster is 445 light-years away from Earth.
Many of the stars in this star cluster were born about 125 million years ago. They have now just recently reached maturity.
They reached their maximum rotation speeds.
Upon reaching the maximum rotation speed, the mature star will emit large amounts of stellar winds.
When these stars pass through the magnetic fields of stars, they would produce a braking effect on the stars.
Stars will rotate at a slower pace as they age.
Kepler tracked identifiable star spots (such as sunspots) and the time of their appearance to calculate the rotating speed of reach star.
The latest data on rotation rates gathered indicated that stars with higher masses rotate at a slower rate than stars with lower masses.
Rebull compared the stars to dancers. Those with a larger physique pirouette at a slower rate compared to those who are more petite.
Rebull expressed: “In the ‘ballet’ of the Pleiades, we found that stars with a slower self-rotating speed tend to have larger mass, while stars with higher rotation speeds tend to be the lightest.”
As the Pleiades is quite close, it has thus become an ideal lab in space for comparing masses and self-rotation speeds of stars.
Raible indicated :" the Pleiades built a foundation for the bilateral rotation of young and old stellar.
As for how, when and why stars reduce their rotating speed and “keep away their dancing shoes”, there is still much that we need to learn.
Rebull and her colleagues gave a detailed elaboration of their latest analysis of the rotation rate of the Pleiades Cluster in three new theses. These theses will be published in the Astronomical Journal soon.
Zheng Jianjun, Director of Nanhu Park’s Water Management Department, said that Nanhu Lake exceeds 10 meters at its deepest. Swimmers unaware of the situation may be at risk.
“Although the Nanhu Rescue Team is extremely professional, we hope that rowers can wear life vests and avoid illegal activities and actions on the lake to have a safe recreational experience.” said Zheng Jianjun.
Weitou Village is blessed with a unique marine environment, offering two major recreational tourism resources of rich ecosystems and cultural landscapes.
“However, business owners who have purchased parking spaces in the community worry that this will affect the lease of their parking space, and suspect that there are others harboring ulterior motives and kept sabotaging this behind their backs and delaying the project for renovating the parking lot.”
The academia has many theories regarding the time when the sweet potato was first introduced and the person responsible.
Currently more mainstream perspectives point to three channels for the introduction of sweet potatoes.
Of the three routes concerned with introducing sweet potato into China, that which had the biggest impact and that was most widespread was Chen Zhenlong bringing it into Fujian from the Philippines.
The Beijing Office for the Administration of Clubs, Associations and Societies will conduct a special investigation on the uniform invoices of membership dues of social organizations.
The inspection will be divided into two categories - self-inspection by the entity and priority sampling.
The relevant person in charge of the municipal office for clubs, associations and societies said that the scope of this inspection includes community groups that received and used uniform invoices for membership dues between 2013 and 2015.
The Rio International Olympic Committee said, when stipulating the 2012 Olympics advertising strategy: “The success of the Olympics is dependent on and defined by people sharing stories on social media.”
The reporting of this Olympics revealed that major changes have taken place as regards the method of reporting, the form of the product, the style of speech, the perspective of news reporting, and various other areas.
The International Olympic Committee and media workers from around the world seem to be ready for this new round of challenges.
On August 11 is the last day for public sales of Everbright Securities H shares. News revealed that the market has responded coldly for 2 days before initial public offering. According to their plan, the company will be formally listed for public offering at Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing on August 18.
A local securities analyst expressed that Orient Securities does not have a strong base in Hong Kong. The asset management business unit under Orient Securities is where the firm excels in. The firm is relatively less advantaged when compared to securities traders based on banks such as BOC International and CITIC Securities.
Experts pointed out that for this year, as the securities market returned to relative peace, business performance of many securities traders took a hit. After a company becomes publicly listed, its performance will depend on the development of its operations, and should not be lumped with others.
Once this adjustment and new policy is promulgated, Suzhou shall become the first second-tier city to re-impose purchase limits in the country.
Suzhou is not the only second-tier city stipulating or will be stipulating housing control policies. Other cities doing so include Hefei and Nanjing.
Earlier, Hefei had taken the lead in issuing policies on lending quotas. Banks will refuse to provide housing loan services to buyers of residential property who are owners of two properties of which one still has mortgage outstanding.
